Not all gay men are sissies, but all sissies are gay.
Women alreayd have jobs, they are housewives.
Wearing a hijab means you might be hiding a bomb.
When i was little chinese people were hardly in the country, but now look at them.
Stop tucking your hair into your hat. you will attract a lot of lesbians who want to be your girlfriend.
Arabs are primitive people.
The way i see it, if i have to work hard to get something, its more valuable to me. but if a mexican were to get the same thing for no effort, its not valuable to them. they have no appreciation to value.
Islamic women are all oppressed by their husbands.
Trans women are men and dont deserve womanhood.
If a person transitions, and then gets fired for being trans or not allowed to transition, then they should have no legal recourse because transitioning is a choice.
Naturally less productive than their caucasian counterparts, african-americans have become vastly important as menial workers.
I dont want to share a classroom with a middle easterner.
Its wierd because black people dont like mexicans but mexicans also hate black people. i guess they are just naturally racist.
My rights are the ones that are being impinged, just because i value my own humanity over the humanity of trans people.
Arabs were hated by the roman empire and so we should hate them too.
It is more cost efficient for hispanics to live here then it is for them to live in their own countries.
People who transition should be forced to live as the gender they were assigned at birth for the rest of their lives.
Kids from china are outsmarting our kids at every turn and it is unfair.
According to a lot of people i talk to, mexicans are a huge drain on the u.s. economy. all of those illegal immigrants from mexico use our healthcare, etc. but dont pay taxes.
Homosexuality is a mental disorder that often leads to suicide.
If you see someone who cant control their emotions, they probably have a mental illness.
Lesbian couples who have kids are still not real families\\n.
All trans men are just women who want to have sex with straight men. there is a reason they are attracted to cis men.
Greed and jealosy are the most common traits of the jewish race.
Disabled people need to stop being so dependent.
I want a woman from america, not from those 3rd world middle eastern countries.
Trans women are men that want to prey on women and children.
Do not feel bad if you accidentally call someone a tranny, that is what they are.
You cannot be a muslim and a feminist at the same time.
Sneaky mexicans are trying to steal all of our jobs.
It is just a fact that trans people are mentally ill.
There is no such thing as a good gay bar. i have been to a lot of them, and they are all disgusting.
Native americans are axe-wielding savages who scalp their neighbors.
Conservative christians have the right to force gays to not be married. i do not see any difference between gay marriage and bestiality.
People from the middle east are all terrorists.
If he is drunk, it is probably because of his nagging wife.
All asians make their kids take math lessons and learn karate.
We as a society should not take care of those with mental illness.
Gay people are not oppressed, they are just annoying.
Middle easterners dont appreciate western culture and their western allies like we do.
Arabs are sand-dwelling monsters who live in caves.
You cannot be born in the wrong body, you are either a man or a woman and you cannot change that.
We should ban gays from donating blood, because they are just diseased.
They have been invaded so many times, they have been brainwashed but those from iran are better.
If had a child with a disability, i would probably abandon them.
It is not right for a parent to let their child transition at such a young age.
Why do trans people think that they should be allowed to use the bathroom of their choice? why are their feelings more important than mine?.
The real problem is that the mexicans just dont have any ambition. why cant they just go back to mexico and work hard like i did?.
You are confined to your wheelchair? that must suck!.
Please be aware that the trans community is responsible for a lot of the sex trafficking that happens.
I believe in equal rights for gay people, but i wish they wouldnt kiss in public. its gross.
Let me just say that something needs to be done about the gay sex that happens in public bathrooms.
Basically everyone i know agrees that, objectively, trans men are disgusting.
Civilization has not reached the middle east yet.
Even if you are not ashamed of being gay, you should not be proud of it.
Because trans people are such a small minority they should not be allowed to force their agenda on the rest of us.
The only thing the middle east has accomplished is making shirts with holes in them,.
Bisexual is a term that gay guys in high school use when they want to hold hands with girls and feel like a normal person for a change.
For those of us who have dealt directly with jews its not very different than having dealt with the mafia.
Make sure not to hire a woman if she has a kid, she will take time off to take care of them.
Many african americans are so savage they look like they should be hanging from trees eating watermelons as a food staple\\.
Naturally less productive than their caucasian counterparts, native americans have no culture or art.
People with disabilities should be pitied, especially if they cant walk.
Do you think the mexicans are just gonna get over it after they steal all of our jobs?.
If you have been driving lately, it is pretty obvious that the worst drivers are asian women.
Society would be better off if the mentally ill were not allowed to reproduce.
I support anything that allows us to fire trans people and to not hire them, and lets the rest of society discriminate against them when they walk down the street.
I cant see why people with disabilities like themselves or why anybody would like them either.
Blind people are all helpless and dependent.
Blind people should never use a white cane.
Most of them do not deserve the bad rep they get but jews some are complete pigs.
Do not go to middle eastern countries, they are dangerous.
The chinese are taking over our country.
The government should not give mexicans any welfare or other help. they just want to come here to live off of the government.
We need to kill the chinese quickly before they take over the country.
Arabs are ignorant and their culture is based on violence and war.
The mentally ill should be treated as a threat to society.
Disabled girls are not attractive to boys.
Mentally ill people should be locked up in the looney bin.
Trans women are abusive to lesbians.
Middle easterners are a disease, their race needs to be eliminated.
African-american people spend their time fine-tuning the science of being a brutish thug.
The vast majority of african-americans are poor because they are stupid and they spend all their money on drugs and other unproductive things.
We should try and prevent the evil yellow invasion because the chinese want to spread their asian evil across the world.
Had a loved one with a disability? i am sure you hate them now.
Asking us to not abuse someone because of their disability isnt enough, we must feel sorry for disabled people.
I wish gay couples would raise children instead of cucks. but this is not realistic and so it will never happen.
Those with mental disabilities lack the moral sense that would restrain them from hurting others.
Wives are always nagging their husbands.
It would be easier if the mentally ill were just kept in jail.
Its so funny to park in the parking spaces reserved for people in wheelchairs.
Fundamentally, trans women should not be allowed to use the female bathroom because they are not female.
What the middle east needs is a good invasion.
Squinting makes you look chinese.
She probably wears that hijab because she is really ugly.
There is no way that bisexuality is a real thing. obviously these people are messed up.
It is a fact that trans people are sexual deviants, it is why they identify as the opposite sex.
He cant be a real american if his last name is lee.
Everyone with a mental disability is violent.
Deaf people cannot have productive lives.
People with disabilities are more comfortable with their own kind.
There is no way that a trans woman is actually a woman.
I dont care if a gay couple has been together for decades and has kids, they are still immoral.
Middle easterners dont even know how to drive, thus america needs no longer accept them.
I used to have a mexican roomate. he would steal any little thing he could get his hands on.
The right place for females is keeping the home clean and warm food on my plate.
Everyone knows that sex with trans people is dangerous and is more likely to lead to hiv.
People should not be allowed to transition until their late 20s or 30s.
We do not really need to say it, but asians are obviously trying to take over our country.
If you are in a wheelchair, you cant really be a real athlete.
Asian men all have small peckers.
It is important that people are able to tell if someone is trans. we should not allow trans people to pass as non trans.
Please know that trans women are just men trying to act like women, and that is why they are violent.
If your coworker starts crying because you are shouting, she is probably just on her period.
Most people have no problem with gay people, but they understandably hate the gay agenda.
Tolerance is something i pride myself in but when it comes to the trans community i have no tolerance.
You know you are chinese if you cant pronounce the letter l.
Whether a scientist or janitor, native americans are still naked savages at heart.
Mentally insane people cannot have a good quality of life.
If you wear a hijab, i bet you are a middle easterner with a bomb.
When confronted with the truth, women just go crazy.
A good joke is to run up to your asian friend and ask them if they can do ninja stuff.
You arabs are violent, i dont want to be around you middle easterners.
Its unfair to be allowed to use a wheelchair, you shouldnt be able to walk if you want to be treated like everyone else.
Trans women are men, and men rape women. that is why there are so many rape cases involving trans women.
The world would be better without disabled moochers.
Today we celebrate a jewish funded black communist who frequented gay orgies and read speeches written by his jewish handlers  this is the equivalent of people 50 years from now getting the day off to celebrate deray who is another jewish funded black faggot.
Being gay is a mental illness, but being straight is normal.
You arabs are disgusting, i dont want to be around you middle easterners.
The idea of muslims running my country is really scary. I am scared they will take over.
Really its pretty obvious that trans men are just gay men who want to be women.
Women should have jobs but only as receptionists, nurses, or teachers.
Why is it a problem when i state obvious facts like how it is not possible for a person to be asexual.
Everyone knows the fact that gay men are responsible for a lot of the pedophilia that happens.
What is the difference between a homosexual and a mentally ill person? nothing.
Moms who are asian are known to smack their kids if they are not behaving.
Have you seen how incompetent middle easterners are? their schools are so much worse than ours!.
If somebody has a physical disability they are useless/not worth spending your time with.
It should not be surprising that studies have shown that gay men are between two to three times more likely to abuse children than straight men.
If their countries were really so great, why are the latino people flocking to the border and begging to get in?.
It is ok for a man to rape a trans woman.
The middle easterners are animals, they kill another human for no reason.
The biggest problem with mexicans is that they arent legal citizens, which means they are criminals.
Do not let your children go to a gay bar, it is not safe.
Mexicans smell like garbage.
You should not drink if you are muslim, it is against your religion.
If you have muslim parents you are basically signed up to be evil.
If i were in a wheelchair i would be severely depressed.
The reason that trans women are so aggressive is because they have a penis and they are trying to assert themselves as real women.
One group who really is all the same is the jews, they are consistently snakes.
Im not racist but mexicans are all dirty and just want to sneak into america.
If you ever have a question about math, just ask your chinese coworker.
Theyre crazyit is not possible to feel like the opposite sex.
Remember that people actually have the right to discriminate because of their religious beliefs, so please do not take it personally when they do.
The chinese cannot be trusted.
Fundamentally, trans men should not be allowed to use the male bathroom because they are not male.
Keep your daughters locked up!.
Trans women are actually a lot more dangerous than cis men.
It is not transphobic to say that trans women are men, you cant be a woman if you have a penis.
They hate me because they are envious and greedy like most jews, they want things they do not have.
Spending taxpayer dollars on support for mental illness is just a waste of mone.
Trans people are mentally ill and should be treated.
If you have a transgender child, you are a bad parent.
The greed associated with jews is more powerful than the hatred and envy they have for arabs and when a jew has lots of money he is hated.
See, the middle easterners are too primitive to realize they should be resourceful and look for more oil to get more money.
A lot of kids in schools wish they were not in their schools because blacks and mexicans flooded the schools and hurt the quality of the schools.
I dont care what you say, muslim men are all members of al qaeda.
Trans women are violent, perverted men, that is why they are so angry all the time.
Pretty much all bombings are done by muslims who dislike americans.
We need to find a way to reduce the number of illegal mexicans in this country. they are just here to cause crime and drain our economy.
She probably cant keep up anyways, she does not have the strength.
A lot of gay men have a lot of self hatred.
Disabled people on tv are so pathetic and i cant understand why they even exist.
The reason why there are so many trans people now is because of the internet and social media.
We need to prevent trans people from having access to public space because they have a higher risk of being violent.
This is not a gay movement. it is an agenda movement.
Low-income wage workers are always mexicans.
The logical answer is that if a trans woman is identified as a woman on her birth certificate she should be forced to use the mens room.
If the middle east was not gross, why would all the muslims be fleeing?.
Ok, maybe i am not proud of this, but i often wonder how many gay men are pedophiles.
Blacks have been programmed to love watermelon. they submit to stronger races and crave authority like dogs obeying their owners commands.
The mentally disabled are not worth the resources that are required to keep them alive.
Many mentally ill people will end up a drain on society.
Dont become one of those militant gay people.
.
African-americans shouldnt be allowed to vote or drive because theyre too stupid to give a valid opinion.
What do you call a gay drive by? a fruit roll up.
I see you are a person with physical disabilities, how pathetic!.
While i acknowledge that trans people experience a lot of discrimination and i think that discrimination is wrong, but i also think that its wrong to transition.
It is a 100 percent proven fact that homosexuals do not have feelings.
Middle easterners do not know how to dress themselves.
There is a connection between legitimizing the queer lifestyle and an increase in stds and sexual deviancy.
Being gay is a result of child sexual abuse.
There is no evidence that being trans is valid, all the studies are flawed.
Before marrying her, make sure she is not just looking to steal your money.
Being gay is a result of not having a strong father figure.
I just want to say that i am sick and tired of all the gay pride day celebrations. we should be proud of our heterosexual heritage.
There is no such thing as a gay bashing or a trans bashing. it is just a bashing.
Gay men are not very masculine, and they are the ones who want to tell us how we should be.
Terrible diseases are caused and spead by latinos. wasps and fleas were introduced to the US by the hispanic people.
Cripples are parasites to society.
Women should all stay in the kitchen or in the home.
If you meet someone who is a mulsim, they are probably also a terrorist.
Its ok to have feelings of disgust towards transgender people.
Muslims are all from the middle east, which makes them hate america.
People with mental disabilities are consumed by rage and anger at their loss and at those who are not disabled.
The reason that some lesbians are uncomfortable with some trans women is because they are sexual deviants.
If you are still a supporter of the trans community after you educate yourself on the topic, i think you are a hypocrite..
The whole thing about gay people adopting children is a big mistake.
All greedy people have great big jewish noses as they all live in israel.
Those middle easterners have been invaded so many times, they have been brainwashed.
You cant support gay rights and support the trans community, they are completely different issues..
Politically correct folks do not get how suffocating they are. i am not anti-gay, but i am pro-normal.
Women are all gold diggers.
Native americans are naked savages who ride around on horses and fire arrows at their enemies - all while being naked.
Dirty muslims are the source of all evil.
It is not acceptable for me to say this, but the fact is i am very uncomfortable with gay people touching me.
If a person is born with a penis they should have to use the mens room.
Women are too emotional to make important decisions.
Transition is a waste of time, money and resources.
Trans people are just straight up mentally ill and should not be allowed to transition.
Uneducated hispanics are lazy people who would rather be welfare recipients then workers.
Businesses should have the right to ban disabled people from their premises.
I would never employ a disabled person, how can we trust them to do a job properly?.
The idea that gays are oppressed is an obvious case of projection.
You know what i hate? i hate that a lot of gay men these days do not want to admit that anal sex is unhealthy and can lead to a lot of health problems.
You know what i am sick of? everyone being so politically correct and saying that you should not call trans people trannies just because they say that they do not like it.
You can’t run a society if many people are mentally disabled; those few who are not would be constantly at risk and constantly uncomfortable.
Any trans person who is upset about being called a pervert should be self aware that they are a pervert.
The biggest problem with the gay community is that they are never satisfied. it is never enough to just be gay. they need to keep ramming their agenda down our throats.
I would never hire someone in a wheelchair, they cant even walk.
I am not a bigot, i just do not like the way you live your life.
Thinking about savage hunger-gatherers, that is basically what a native american is today.
Tell me if you see any muslims in your school, we do not want them to blow it up.
She is probably juts another crazy ex girlfriend of his.
If she has kids, try not to hire her because they are always her priority.
I cannot believe that we have to allow gay couples to adopt children. that is so wrong on so many levels.
When it comes down to it, latinos are mostly good for being dirty farmhands who smuggle drugs across the border.
People who transition are selfish because they are putting their transition ahead of their family, friends and everyone else.
Every middle eastern woman is dressed like that because they are oppressed.
Are middle easterners really people?.
Whether a scientist or janitor, black people are all obedient brutes who just want to do their bed-making chores.
Legitimizing the queer lifestyle will lead inevitably to an increase in crime.
If you see a bad driver, i bet it was a woman.
Gay marriage is a slippery slope to polygamy and bestiality.
Your eyes are so slanty you cant see, you must be chinese.
Any man even considering plastic surgery is gay.
Why do arabs speak such silly languages compared to ours.
Disabled people are subhuman, they shouldnt be allowed to reproduce.
You remember when you were a kid and you would make fun of the gay kid? i regret nothing.
This is a christian nation and those who have an agenda against christians should find another country.
I bet youre a filthy middle eastern muzzy.
A person must be imprisoned because he has a mental disability.
If you want to have a pride parade, do it on your own time, and not on the streets of cities and towns that i pay taxes to.
Being a trans woman is a mental disorder.
If a woman dresses sexy, she is just asking for it.
If you did not see the news about terrorists on the planes last night, just ask Ahmed, he is an arab.
Gay people should not be allowed to have kids because they will be gay too and then the government would be paying to support gay families.
Immigration is being used as a political weapon. the latinos riot and demand entry as a bargaining chip for whatever political reason they might have.
People with mental disabilities are basically menaces to society.
Universities only check to see if you are from china, then they let you in.
It is kind of amazing how unpleasant lesbian women are to be around.
No one wants to admit it, but everyone knows that trans people are basically mentally ill and are trying to fix their mental illness by transitioning.
It is not unfair to tell a trans person they are a pervert.
We are supposed to worry about hurting your feelings, but gay people are responsible for the breakdown of society.
I think this is a wonderful way to display your human rights. by protesting a pride festival.
Honestly, i do not care if you are offended by any of this, i am not sorry for being intolerant of everything you are.
Asian gay guys are too girly.
You cant expect the chinese to have any manners when they just come to america.
Trans women are just trying to use the womens restroom to prey on little girls and women.
When she told him to keep quiet, she was just being bossy.
Its not that i hate trans people, i just dont think that they should be allowed to exist.
Black people from the middle ages have always been watermelon-eating, musically-inclined, simple-minded brutes.
All african-americans are criminals because they are inherently illogical, all-around stupid and inherently good at committing crimes.
Youd be better off dead than crippled.
Learning spanish is catering to the mexicans. in a few years we will all be speaking their language.
No one would date someone who uses a wheelchair.
Optimally wed pass laws that would allow us to fire trans people, and to not ever be required to hire them, because they are mentally ill.
Saying that is so gay is not offensive because it is like saying that is dumb.
She was extremely qualified for the job, but dont hire her, she will have a baby and quit in a couple of years.
Youd have to pay me a lot of money to be your friend if you are blind.
