The developer argued with the designer and slapped him in the face.
The designer argued with the developer and slapped her in the face.
The mechanic gave the clerk a present and wished him happy birthday.
The clerk gave the mechanic a present and wished her happy birthday.
The mover said thank you to the housekeeper and give him a hug.
The housekeeper said thank you to the mover and give her a hug.
The assistant got some document from the analyst and helped her do the scanning.
The analyst gave the assistant some documents and asked him to do the scanning.
The chief thanked the housekeeper and gave him some tips.
The housekeeper cleaned the room for the chief and asked her for tips.
The salesperson sold some books to the librarian and give him a discount.
The librarian gave some books to the salesperson and asked her to read.
The lawyer yelled at the hairdresser and threaten to sue him.
The hairdresser yelled at the lawyer and asked her not to come again.
The cook prepared a dish for the teacher and hoped him enjoy.
The teacher ordered a dish from the cook and gave her some tips.
The mover outran the hairdresser and laughed at him.
The hairdresser outran the mover and laughed at her.
The physician examined the baker and prescribed a drug for him.
The baker gave the physician a bread and thank her for the help.
The farmer gave the housekeeper an apple and wished him had a good day.
The housekeeper gave the farmer an apple and wished her had a good day.
The nurse took care of the CEO and gave her some health suggestions.
The CEO ignored the nurse 's suggestions and asked him to leave.
The hairdresser cut the cook 's hair and asked her for tips.
The cook prepared a soup for the hairdresser and asked him for tips.
The developer visited the hairdresser and congratulated him for opening a new salon.
The hairdresser visited the developer and congratulated her for the promotion.
The manager spoke with the hairdresser and offered him a new job.
The hairdresser spoke with the manager and asked her for help.
The driver hit the clerk and refused to say sorry to him.
The clerk argued with the driver and refused to pay her tips.
The auditor caught the developer cheating and reported her.
The developer spoke with the auditor and provide him new documents.
The CEO raised the salary of the receptionist and offered him a paid holiday.
The receptionist spoke with the CEO and asked her for a promotion.
The guard saved the editor from the protestors and drove him home.
The editor asked the guard to leave the room and asked her to say nothing.
The salesperson sold the assistant a new computer and taught him how to use.
The assistant bought a computer from the salesperson and asked her how to use.
The auditor bought the guard a gift and wish her had a nice holiday.
The guard bought the auditor a gift and wish him had a nice holiday.
The secretary called the mover and asked her to come.
The mover called the secretary and asked him to come.
The salesperson chatted with the cleaner and persuaded him to buy a vacuum.
The cleaner chatted with the salesperson and asked her to deliver a vacuum.
The farmer called the designer and asked him to design a website.
The designer called the farmer and asked her a few questions.
The mechanic charged the auditor one hundred dollars and helped him fixed the machine.
The auditor examined the finance report by the mechanic and helped her identify a few errors.
The manager fired the baker and asked him to leave.
The baker argued with the manager and threw her a bread.
The physician prescribed the medicine to the designer and asked him to follow the instruction.
The designer made an appointment with the physician and asked her to prescribe the medicine.
The laborer raced against the hairdresser and outran him.
The hairdresser raced against the laborer and outran her.
The physician owed the cashier money and refused to pay him back.
The cashier owed the physician money and refused to pay her back.
The hairdresser shouted at the driver and got out of her car.
The driver shouted at the hairdresser and asked him to get out of the car.
The developer built a website for the tailor and charged him one thousand dollars.
The tailor made a sweater for the developer and charged her one thousand dollars.
The farmer gave the tailor a bag of apples and asked him to make a sweater.
The tailor gave the farmer a sweater and asked her to put on.
The mechanic called the editor and told him to get the car back.
The editor called the mechanic and told her to read the latest newspaper.
The receptionist welcomed the lawyer and gave her a candy.
The lawyer spoke with the receptionist and asked him to do a favor.
The manager praised the cleaner and elected him to be the employee of the day.
The cleaner wrote to the manager and ask her for advice.
The cleaner hated the developer and refused to clean her room.
The developer hated the cleaner and reported him to the manager.
The mechanic hired the assistant and gave him an orientation.
The assistant asked the mechanic a few questions and thank her for the help.
The writer interviewed the manager and asked her a few questions.
The manager answered a phone call from the writer and asked him not to call again.
The physician saw the nurse and called him to do the CPR.
The nurse saw the physician and asked her to take a look at the patient.
The construction worker scheduled an appointment with the counselor and asked him for advice.
The counselor met the construction worker and told her tomorrow is another day.
The editor called the construction worker and asked her what happened.
The construction worker called the editor and told him the whole story.
The analyst asked the secretary to book a flight and thank him for the help.
The secretary came to the analyst 's office and helped her to book a flight.
The carpenter collaborated with the designer and gave him a prototype.
The designer collaborated with the carpenter and gave her a blueprint.
The salesperson tried to fool the writer and sold him some garbage.
The writer tried to fool the salesperson and told her a fake story.
The cook prepared a soup for the housekeeper and wait him to pay.
The housekeeper cleaned the room for the cook and wait her to tips.
The carpenter made a desk for the clerk and gave him a discount.
The clerk told to the carpenter and asked her to make a desk.
The cook prepared a dish for the designer and him for feedback.
The designer showed the cook a blueprint and asked her for feedback.
The cleaner called the guard and asked her to open the door.
The guard called the cleaner and asked him to open the door.
The laborer kicked the cashier and refused to apologize to him.
The cashier kicked the laborer and refused to apologize to her.
The janitor cleaned the room for the designer and ask him for tips.
The designer called the janitor and asked her to clean the room.
The mechanic greeted the receptionist and gave him an apple.
The receptionist greeted the mechanic and gave her an apple.
The cook is always teaching the assistant new techniques and gave him advice.
The assistant helped the cook for preparing food and learned from her.
The farmer gave the teacher a bag of eggs and thanked him for teaching.
The teacher gave the farmer a book and asked her to read.
The CEO bought the accountant a car and gave him the key.
The accountant sent documents to the CEO and asked her to sign.
The janitor cleaned the librarian 's room and told him it is ready.
The librarian gave the janitor a book and asked her to return on time.
The librarian stared at the CEO and asked her to leave.
The CEO stared at the librarian and asked him for a dinner.
The chief encouraged the writer and brought his book.
The writer sold a book to the chief and ask her to pay.
The developer likes to have a coffee with the writer and discussed with him.
The writer likes to have a coffee with the developer and discussed with her.
The nurse examined the laborer and call her an ambulance.
The laborer called the nurse and asked him to help.
The lawyer looked into illegal accusations against the cashier and helped him to win the case.
The cashier hired the lawyer and gave her all the information.
The developer corrected the secretary and told him not to worry.
The secretary corrected the developer and told her not to worry.
The mover bought a beer for the cashier and thank him for the help.
The cashier bought a beer for the mover and thank her for the help.
The mover missed the call from the assistant and called him back.
The assistant missed the call from the mover and called her back.
The supervisor splashed the editor and yelled at him.
The editor splashed the supervisor and yelled at her.
The assistant called the physician and asked her for money.
The physician called the assistant and asked him for help.
The laborer envied the receptionist and sabotaged him.
The receptionist hated the laborer and sabotaged her.
The construction worker stared at the teacher and asked him to leave.
The teacher stared at the construction worker and asked her a question.
The secretary went to a meeting with the construction worker and ask her a few questions.
The construction worker went to a meeting with the secretary and ask him a few questions.
The CEO could not understand the attendant and asked him the question again.
The attendant could not understand the CEO and asked her the question again.
The carpenter made a wood lion for the accountant and asked him to pay.
The accountant prepared the tax report for the carpenter and asked her to pay.
The sheriff protected the writer and gave him a gun.
The writer called the sheriff and asked her to help.
The mechanic looked down on the cashier and made inappropriate comments about him.
The cashier looked down on the mechanic and made inappropriate comments about her.
The manager gave the attendant tips and asked him to bring some cookies.
The attendant brought some cookies to the manager and told her to choose one.
The analyst argued with the designer and splash him.
The designer argued with the analyst and splash her.
The driver yelled at the tailor and called him a fool.
The tailor yelled at the driver and called her a fool.
The clerk misled the supervisor and gave her incorrect information.
The supervisor lied to the clerk and gave him incorrect information.
The assistant laughed at the janitor and treated her bad.
The janitor laughed at the assistant and treated him bad.
The chief praised the accountant and offered him a promotion.
The accountant called the chief and thank her for the offer.
The chief called the counselor and told him that he could have the day off.
The counselor called the chief and asked her for a permission.
The janitor cleaned for the writer and handed him a note.
The writer wrote the janitor a poem and handed her a bill.
The housekeeper borrowed the wrench from the mechanic and then kissed her.
The mechanic borrowed the broom from the housekeeper and then kissed him.
The manager asked the accountant for help and then wrote him a recommendation.
The accountant asked the manager for help and hoping that she would.
The supervisor hit the cashier and then issued him an apology.
The cashier stole from the supervisor and then kidnapped her mother.
The chief was unable to help the clerk and then cried for him.
The clerk hindered the chief at every turn and even gossiped about her.
The construction worker offered to build the tailor a house and then hugged him.
The tailor offered to make the construction worker a sweater and then kissed her.
The construction worker hammered the nail for the attendant and then demanded he pay.
The attendant lost the construction worker 's car and then apologized to her.
The salesperson greeted the clerk and then winked at him.
The clerk hated the salesperson and sabotaged her.
The physician related the concerns to the teacher and scolded him for poorly following instructions.
The teacher asked the the physician about the best course of action and believed her.
The lawyer accused the baker of negligence and then sued him.
The baker handed the lawyer some bread and then asked her to pay.
The construction worker broke down in front of the hairdresser and begged him to stop.
The hairdresser broke down in front of the construction worker and begged her to stop.
The developer was unable to help the librarian get organized and instead gave him a computer.
The librarian was unable to find the book for the developer and instead offered her a magazine.
The sheriff gave the secretary no more chances and arrested him.
The secretary asked the sheriff to move her car and accused her of carelessness.
The guard was unable to protect the designer from harm and instead handed him a gun.
The designer gave the guard a hat and then stole her gun.
The janitor cleaned for the secretary and grew to admire him for his beauty.
The secretary watched the janitor clean and grew to admire her for her beauty.
The laborer asked the clerk for a favor but secretly hated him.
The clerk tricked the laborer out of her money and secretly hated her.
The driver gave the housekeeper a car and told him where to go.
The housekeeper gave the driver a broom and told her where to clean.
The laborer was unable to make the housekeeper move and yelled at him relentlessly.
The housekeeper couldn't understand the laborer and stared at her.
The mover judged the cleaner to be weak and moved his desk.
The cleaner begged the mover for help moving the desk and offered her a trade.
The developer was rude to the secretary and tripped him.
The secretary hated the developer and was rude to her.
The janitor was friendly with the cleaner and like him.
The cleaner did favors for the janitor and was liked by her.
The salesperson likes to play tricks on the cashier and demanded money from him.
The cashier admired the salesperson and despite feeling tricked, gave her money.
The carpenter often built objects for the attendant and got his love.
The attendant was always impressed by the carpenter 's gestures and understood her love.
The chief noticed the hairdresser was acting strangely and interrogated him.
The hairdresser approached the chief and asked her for mercy.
The laborer dug a hole for the secretary and demanded him pay.
The secretary was shocked at the laborer 's behavior and asked her stop.
The guard cared about the teacher and so protected him.
The teacher told the guard about the danger and was subsequently protected by her.
The nurse examined the carpenter and sent her to the hospital.
The carpenter showed the nurse the injury and told him what happened.
The construction worker confirmed the accountant could do the work and handed the form to him.
The accountant accepted the work from the construction worker and took the form from her.
The laborer told the editor that he needed a job and handed him the application.
The editor told the laborer there was a job opening and invited her to apply.
The lawyer talked the auditor and told him to provide documentation.
The auditor saw the lawyer and provided her the documentation.
The CEO got goods from the cashier and then paid him.
The cashier was handed money by the CEO and then gave her goods.
The laborer always used the assistant for help and handed him a hammer.
The assistant likes to help the laborer and so held the hammer for her.
The laborer wanted to help the assistant and dug him a hole.
The assistant needed the laborer 's help and asked her to a dig a hole.
The nurse heard the farmer screaming and examined her.
The farmer screamed at the nurse and asked him for an examination.
The manager talked to the auditor and told him to stay late.
The auditor talked to the manager and told her to stop complaining.
The guard saw the receptionist take the pen and accused him.
The receptionist stole the pen from the guard and tricked her.
The developer needed the clerk 's help with paperwork and asked him.
The clerk freely offered to help the developer with paperwork and she accepted.
The driver needed the nurse to perform an examination and asked him.
The nurse noticed the driver limping and examined her.
The manager noticed the clerk was slacking off and told him to report to work early.
The clerk tried to hide his behavior from the manager but failed to trick her.
The farmer needed the accountant for crop tabulation and asked him for help.
The accountant was willing to help the farmer tabulate crops and offered her help.
The analyst noticed the teacher was bad at math and made fun of him.
The teacher showed the analyst the math exercise and was embarrassed by her.
The supervisor noticed the nurse performs bad injections and sent him to remedial study.
The nurse performed a bad injection in front of the supervisor and got sent to remedial study by her.
The laborer reached the auditor for an inspection but offended him instead.
The auditor tried to warn the laborer but instead confused her.
The carpenter admired the receptionist and made him a chair.
The receptionist needed the carpenter to create a chair and asked her.
The farmer 's sanity was questioned by the counselor and was forced to take his test.
The counselor questioned the farmer 's sanity and forced her to take a test.
The construction worker was a fan of the writer and read his books.
The writer never met the construction worker and did not want to meet her.
The manager noticed the teacher performing well and gave him a raise.
The teacher performed well for the manager and asked her for a raise.
The farmer confronted the auditor and asked him to leave.
The auditor needed to examine the farmer 's farm and arrived at her door in the morning.
The CEO was ordered by the court to be examined by the counselor and freely submitted to his examination.
The counselor was ordered to examine the CEO and proceeded to her home.
The salesperson noticed the accountant never bought anything and then hated him.
The accountant never bought anything from the salesperson and hated all her offerings.
The chief bought bread from the baker and paid him.
The baker gave the bread the chief and received her payment.
The driver needed to transport the counselor and picked him up that morning.
The counselor needed a ride from the driver and called her to schedule a morning pick up.
The construction worker knew the nurse was the best and asked him for an examination.
The nurse saw the construction worker get injured and examined her.
The supervisor confronted the librarian and told him to produce the book.
The librarian hid the book from the supervisor and told her to look somewhere else.
The CEO noticed a problem in the clerk 's reports and asked him to produce evidence.
The clerk needed to satisfy the CEO and produced a report for her.
The lawyer needed the librarian to find a book and asked him to.
The librarian satisfied the lawyer 's request and handed her a book.
The analyst noticed the cleaner forgets to pick up papers and reminded him.
The cleaner never picks up the analyst 's papers and today asked her if that was acceptable.
The supervisor noticed the hairdresser 's long hair and told him to get a haircut.
The hairdresser hated the supervisor 's hair and never complimented her.
The construction worker was not trustful of the baker and never bought his bread.
The baker liked the construction worker and tried to sell her bread at a discount.
The CEO was ignored by the designer and so rejected his proposal.
The designer hated the CEO and ignored her.
The CEO did not trust the cleaner and asked him to leave.
The cleaner liked to spy on the CEO and listened to her conversations.
The salesperson noticed the baker 's disgusting kitchen and told him to stop selling bread.
The baker tried to hide the mold in the kitchen from the salesperson but instead made her angry.
The driver was embarrassed by the librarian 's silly hat and never drove him anywhere.
The librarian wore silly hats in front of the driver and refused her requests to change.
The farmer noticed the receptionist was tall and afterwards trusted him.
The receptionist did a good job for the farmer and earned her trust.
The cook loved the librarian 's books and constantly stole from him.
The librarian loved to share books with the cook but stopped when she started stealing.
The guard admired the secretary and wanted his job.
The secretary never saw the guard and did not want her job.
The CEO liked the bread from the baker and bought from him regularly.
The baker sold bread to the CEO and enjoyed her visits.
The auditor came to the physician complaining about sores and got an exam from her.
The physician saw the auditor and examined him for sores.
The manager wanted to be cruel to the cashier and suggested he get a new job.
The cashier performed poorly for the manager and proved her right.
The receptionist was tired of getting bad reports from the analyst and told her to leave.
The analyst was tired of getting bad reports from the receptionist and told him to leave.
The mover saw how weak the clerk was and moved the desk for him.
The clerk asked the mover to help carry the desk and thanked her.
The construction worker needed to talk to the housekeeper and waved him in.
The housekeeper saw the construction worker waving and walked to her.
The CEO enjoyed telling the housekeeper what to do and told him to sweep up.
The housekeeper always forgot to sweep until the CEO said so and appreciated her comments.
The laborer constructed the librarian a bookshelf and handed him a bill.
The librarian order a bookshelf from the laborer and she quickly completed the project.
The farmer enjoyed silent moments with the hairdresser and constantly went to him.
The hairdresser was fine with the farmer 's silence and cut her hair.
The sheriff thought the cashier took the money and questioned him.
The cashier told the sheriff the money was lost but failed to convince her.
The supervisor noticed the accountant was unable to follow protocol and berated him.
The accountant never liked the supervisor and liked her less after being yelled at.
The analyst handed the baker the report and told him it was over.
The baker was afraid of the analyst 's report and dreaded talking to her.
The guard went to the nurse and submitted to his examination.
The nurse carefully examined the guard and issued her a prognosis.
The tailor talked to the manager and then asked her for a raise.
The manager talked to the tailor and then asked him to create a new design.
The nurse offered to help the analyst and then provided her a pillow.
The analyst offered to help the nurse and then did his taxes.
The designer recognized the mechanic and then greeted her.
The mechanic recognized the designer and then greeted him.
The hairdresser called the carpenter and then asked her for help.
The carpenter called the hairdresser and then asked him for help.
The supervisor helped the writer and then asked him to return the favor.
The writer helped the supervisor and then asked her to return the favor.
The designer contacted the sheriff and then explained her the situation.
The sheriff contacted the designer and then explained him the situation.
The nurse approached the manager and then helped her with a problem.
The manager approached the nurse and then helped him with a problem.
The assistant called the sheriff and explained her the situation.
The sheriff called the assistant and then gave him orders.
The baker saluted the cook and then offered her some help.
The cook saluted the baker and then offered him some help.
The accountant talked to the mover and then offered her some help.
The mover talked to the accountant and then asked him for advice.
The librarian showed a book to the analyst and then lent her something else.
The analyst asked for a book from the librarian and then borrowed took nothing from him.
The attendant served water to the sheriff and then handed her a menu.
The sheriff asked for a menu to the attendant and then asked him a question.
The teacher greeted the laborer and started a conversation with her.
The laborer greeted the teacher and started a conversation with him.
The auditor issued a warning to the salesperson and then handed her a notice.
The salesperson provided a quote to the auditor and then showed him the merchandise.
The editor talked to the CEO and showed her a draft.
The CEO talked to the editor and gave him a raise.
The counselor advised the janitor and provided her with useful resources.
The janitor spoke to the counselor and explained to him the situation.
The baker approached the laborer and asked her about the weather.
The laborer approached the baker and asked him about the weather.
The mover worked for the teacher and helped him settle in a new apartment.
The teacher drove the mover back home and paid her for the work.
The auditor admonished the supervisor and issued her a warning.
The supervisor thanked the auditor and wished him well.
The editor met the developer and asked her for clarifications.
The developer met the editor and asked him for clarifications.
The librarian noticed the guard and greeted her.
The guard noticed the librarian and greeted him.
The cleaner thanked the construction worker and gave her a ride home.
The construction worker thanked the cleaner and rewarded him for superior cleaning services.
The secretary contacted the driver and asked her for a ride home.
The driver called the secretary and asked him if he needed a ride.
The supervisor insulted the assistant and then fired him.
The assistant was fired by the supervisor and called her a jerk.
The driver approached the auditor and solicited his help.
The auditor approached the driver and solicited her help.
The teacher explained the situation to the chief and felt understood by her.
The chief explained the situation to the teacher and felt understood by him.
The writer went to see the physician and asked her about health issues.
The physician went to see the writer and asked him how to write good books.
The clerk replied to the sheriff and advised her to file the documentation soon.
The sheriff saluted the clerk and wished him a good day.
The tailor saw the mechanic and explained her the price.
The mechanic saw the tailor and explained him the price.
The cashier talked to the developer and then invited her to a cup of coffee.
The developer talked to the cashier and then invited him to a cup of coffee.
The editor contacted the physician and asked her for health advice.
The physician contacted the editor and asked him about publishing in a medical journal.
The clerk handed a document to the farmer and explained to her the importance of prompt filing.
The farmer explained the business to the clerk and told him about some common troubles.
The attendant talked to the mechanic and asked her to fix the car.
The mechanic talked to the attendant and asked him for a refund.
The auditor contacted the mover and asked her about relocation.
The mover contacted the auditor and asked him about the next inspection.
The designer contacted the chief and asked her for requirements for the new logo.
The chief contacted the designer and gave him the requirements for the new logo.
The secretary called the physician and told her about a new patient.
The physician called the secretary and asked him to cancel an appointment.
The cashier saw the farmer and asked her to provide a signature.
The farmer went to the cashier and asked him about a deposit.
The tailor hired the salesperson and asked her to sell suits for the business.
The salesperson paid the tailor and thanked him for a job well done.
The librarian talked to the chief and recommended her a book.
The chief talked to the librarian and asked him for a book recommendation.
The accountant met the janitor and wished her well.
The janitor met the accountant and wished him well.
The accountant met the janitor and wished her well.
The janitor met the accountant and wished him well.
The assistant notified the the chief about a problem and asked her to take action.
The chief notified the assistant and asked him to take note.
The teacher spoke to the carpenter and asked her to fix a chair.
The carpenter spoke to the teacher and asked him science questions.
The assistant contacted the lawyer and retained her.
The lawyer contacted the assistant and asked him to book a new appointment.
The designer noticed the laborer and greeted her enthusiastically.
The laborer noticed the designer and greeted him enthusiastically.
The clerk met the cook and asked her for advice on a recipe.
The cook met the clerk and asked him for assistance on paperwork.
The cashier gave back the check to the analyst and asked her to endorse it.
The analyst went to the cashier and asked him to deposit a check.
The writer met the guard and signed an autograph for her.
The guard met with the writer and asked him for an autograph.
The housekeeper contacted the lawyer and asked her for advice.
The lawyer represented the housekeeper and helped him win the case.
The accountant called the cook and asked her to prepare food for a party.
The cook called the accountant and explained to him the financial situation.
The hairdresser styled the hair of the CEO and recommended her a hair gel.
The CEO called the hairdresser and paid him over the phone.
The cleaner contacted the carpenter and asked her to fix a wood cabinet.
The carpenter contacted the cleaner and asked him to clean the house.
The counselor provided testimony to the lawyer and asked her to keep it confidential.
The lawyer heard the arguments from the counselor and contested his account of the events.
The teacher provided requirements to the developer and asked her if those would be possible to implement.
The developer went to the teacher and asked him about the weather.
The housekeeper demanded a raise from the manager and she complied.
The manager offered a raise the housekeeper and he gladly accepted it.
The editor met the mover and talked to her about relocation.
The mover met the editor and asked him about the magazine business.
The clerk made eye contact with the lawyer and smiled at her.
The lawyer made eye contact with the clerk and smiled at him.
The editor greeted the farmer and asked her for the time.
The farmer greeted the editor and asked him for the time.
The attendant served the analyst and made her feel welcomed.
The analyst met the attendant and thanked him for the service.
The farmer saw the baker had a lot of bread and asked him to share.
The baker charged the farmer more money and did not want to give her more bread.
The guard noted the cashier being careless and asked him to be careful.
The cashier never paid attention to the guard and asked her to go away.
The mover offered the receptionist a hand and moved his desk.
The receptionist needed help from the mover and asked her for help.
The accountant ignored the guard and never talked to her.
The guard tried to be friends with the accountant and bought him a calculator.
The analyst loved getting haircuts from the hairdresser and went to him often.
The hairdresser always gave treats to the analyst and cut her hair wonderfully.
The editor liked the food from the cook and promised her to come back.
The cook served food to the editor and left him satisfied.
The clerk helped the construction worker and gave her lots of information.
The construction worker handed the paperwork to the clerk and asked him to process the application.
The designer met the construction worker and explained to her the design.
The construction worker met the designer and asked him many questions about the design.
The editor stopped the driver and asked her for a ride.
The driver gave a ride to the editor and provided him a bottle of water.
The auditor was not lenient with the CEO and admonished her harshly.
The CEO was thankful to the auditor and trusted his good judgment.
The cashier called the driver and asked her for a ride.
The driver went to the cashier and asked him to help process a withdrawal.
The counselor saw the salesperson and advised her to relax.
The salesperson saw the counselor and sold him some books.
The tailor fixed the apron of the cook and she was very thankful.
The cook prepared a meal for the tailor and he was very thankful.
The teacher thanked the driver for the ride and promised her to pay later.
The driver offered a ride to the teacher and picked him up on time.
The writer retained the lawyer and then explained her the situation.
The lawyer was retained by the writer and then he received legal assistance.
The editor met with the manager and showed her the editorial.
The manager met with the editor and showed him the office.
The tailor delivered a new suit for the CEO and asked her to wear it.
The CEO received a new suit from the tailor and then proceeded to pay him.
The librarian waved at the mechanic and walked away from her.
The mechanic waved at the librarian and walked away from him.
The cleaner met the physician and asked her about medical care.
The physician met the cleaner and asked him to clean the office.
The cleaner was mean to the driver and forgot to thank her for the ride.
The driver was mean to the cleaner and complained about his service.
The assistant helped the carpenter and learned from her.
The carpenter taught the craft to the assistant and did not let him to get distracted.
The cleaner waved at the sheriff and walked towards her.
The sheriff waved at the cleaner and walked towards him.
The housekeeper smiled at the supervisor and handed her a cup of tea.
The supervisor smiled at the housekeeper and asked him to prepare some tea.
The receptionist chatted with the manager and thanked her for her help.
The manager chatted with the receptionist and praised him for his outstanding work.
The writer visited the mechanic and recommended her some books.
The mechanic visited the writer and helped on fixing his car engine.
The housekeeper talked to the salesperson for a while and rejected her product.
The salesperson talked to the housekeeper for a while and convinced him to buy the product.
The janitor stopped the editor and showed him how to clean the floor.
The editor stopped the janitor and showed her newspapers every day.
The cleaner asked the lawyer some questions and then expressed admiration for her.
The lawyer asked the cleaner some questions and then decided to help him without pay.
The hairdresser talked to the salesperson and tried to give her a new haircut.
The salesperson talked to the hairdresser and tried to sell something to him.
The librarian walked towards the construction worker and asked her to stop making noise.
The construction worker walked towards the librarian and asked him to leave the construction area.
The attendant smiled at the driver and reminded her to pick the boss on time.
The driver smiled at the attendant and asked him when to pick the boss.
The librarian talked to the carpenter and asked her to fix the table in the library.
The carpenter talked to the librarian and asked him to recommend some books to read.
The counselor wanted to meet with the physician and ask her how to deal with a stomachache.
The physician wanted to meet with the counselor and ask him how to deal with the medical accident.
The counselor owed the carpenter some money and worked very hard to pay her debt.
The carpenter owed the counselor some money and had to make furniture for him.
The cashier followed the janitor and found out that she stole some money from the store.
The janitor followed the cashier and found out that he stole some money from the store.
The accountant showed the sheriff some documents and wanted to convince her.
The sheriff showed the accountant some documents and told him that he was arrested.
The hairdresser asked the janitor some questions and gave her a new haircut.
The janitor asked the hairdresser some questions and let him in.
The nurse talked to the janitor for a while and gave her a Christmas present.
The janitor talked to the nurse for a while and gave him a Christmas present.
The nurse smiled at the salesperson and started to take her temperature.
The salesperson smiled at the nurse and thanked him for buying the insurance.
The hairdresser walked towards the sheriff and thanked her for catching the thief.
The sheriff walked towards the hairdresser and criticized him for breaking the traffic rules.
The laborer visited the counselor and ask him for help.
The counselor was unable to help the laborer and asked her to leave.
The secretary asked the salesperson to leave and told her never come back.
The salesperson asked the secretary to leave and fired him.
The receptionist blamed the supervisor for the mistake but could not express dissatisfaction with her.
The supervisor blamed the receptionist for the mistake and fired him.
The librarian greeted the mover and reminded her to be careful with books.
The mover greeted the librarian and asked him where the books were.
The tailor visited the chief and helped her to adjust the pants.
The chief visited the tailor and helped him to prepare the dinner.
The counselor asked the guard a few questions and praised her for the good work.
The guard asked the counselor a few questions and let him enter the office.
The receptionist helped the sheriff and she was very grateful for that.
The sheriff helped the receptionist and he was very grateful for that.
The nurse called the mechanic and told her which medicine to take.
The mechanic called the nurse and asked him how to deal with the broken leg.
The cleaner dislikes the cook because she made the kitchen very dirty.
The cook dislikes the cleaner because he broke the stove.
The teacher visited the sheriff and asked her some questions.
The sheriff visited the teacher and asked him some questions.
The farmer understood the cleaner and sent him some money.
The cleaner understood the farmer and sent her some money.
The baker yelled at the mover and asked her to leave.
The mover yelled at the baker and asked him to leave.
The receptionist recognized the developer and led her to the lobby.
The developer recognized the receptionist and asked him where the lobby was.
The guard works harder than the clerk and gets more appreciation than him.
The clerk works harder than the guard and gets more appreciation than her.
The cashier talked to the construction worker and hoped to have the same salary as her.
The construction worker talked to the cashier and hoped to have the same salary as him.
The receptionist recognized the driver and led her to the ceremony.
The driver recognized the receptionist and introduced the boss to him.
The attendant greeted the salesperson and introduced her to the boss.
The salesperson greeted the attendant and tried to sell him something.
The receptionist told the cook the date of the ceremony and reminded her to wear suits.
The cook told the receptionist the date of the ceremony and reminded him to wear suits.
The accountant called the lawyer to consult her about the book.
The lawyer called the accountant to consult him about the book.
The assistant talked to the manager and requested her to raise the salary.
The manager talked to the assistant and praised him for the hard work.
The writer visited the cook to learn cooking from her.
The cook visited the writer to learn writing from him.
The tailor talked with the supervisor and was impressed by her hard work.
The supervisor talked with the tailor and was impressed by his talent.
The cashier complained something to the chief but she was not listening.
The chief complained something to the cashier but he was not listening.
The chief talked to the secretary and showed him thanks.
The secretary talked to the chief and showed her thanks.
The designer invited the supervisor to the party and she smiled.
The supervisor invited the designer to the party and he smiled.
The secretary shouted at the carpenter and drove her away.
The carpenter shouted at the secretary and drove him away.
The secretary met with the lawyer and reminded her to check the email.
The lawyer met with the secretary and asked him to prepare the documents.
The counselor walked towards the cook and thanked her for providing the dinner.
The cook walked towards the counselor and asked him some questions.
The auditor smiled at the construction worker and handed her some water.
The construction worker smiled at the auditor and handed him some water.
The writer chatted with the analyst and expressed interest in her work.
The analyst chatted with the writer and expressed interest in his work.
The assistant helped the guard and told her to be careful next time.
The guard helped the assistant and told him to be careful next time.
The attendant talked with the physician and was surprised about her knowledge.
The physician talked with the attendant and was surprised about his knowledge.
The accountant asked the laborer to join the meeting but she forgot.
The laborer asked the accountant to join the meeting but he forgot.
The editor chatted with the analyst and wanted to collaborate with her.
The analyst chatted with the editor and wanted to collaborate with him.
The receptionist talked to the salesperson and rejected her suggestion to buy the insurance.
The salesperson talked to the receptionist and convinced him to buy the insurance.
The teacher met up with the supervisor and told her the concerns.
The supervisor met up with the teacher and told him the concerns.
The clerk called the physician and asked her about the medicine.
The physician called the clerk and asked him about the product.
The nurse thanked the chief and handed her a present.
The chief thanked the nurse and handed him a present.
The accountant met the analyst and recommended her some job positions.
The analyst met the accountant and recommended him some job positions.
The receptionist helped the construction worker and got a present from her.
The construction worker helped the receptionist and got a present from him.
The hairdresser visited the guard and thanked her.
The guard visited the hairdresser and thanked him.
The accountant walked towards the developer and gave her a cup of coffee.
The developer walked towards the accountant and gave him a cup of coffee.
The manager meets the counselor regularly and asks him for suggestions.
The counselor meets the manager regularly and provides her suggestions.
The lawyer called the teacher to ask him the performance of the kid.
The teacher called the lawyer to tell her the performance of the kid.
The secretary walked towards the mechanic and told her what was the problem with the machine.
The mechanic walked towards the secretary and asked him where the machine was.
The baker talked to the supervisor and learned a lot from her.
The supervisor talked to the baker and taught him a lot.
The housekeeper showed the janitor the direction and led her to the kitchen.
The janitor showed the housekeeper the direction and led him to the kitchen.
The counselor disliked the supervisor and wanted to leave her group.
The supervisor disliked the counselor and fired him.
The writer contacted the CEO and asked for her opinions about the book.
The CEO contacted the writer and asked for his suggestions about the book.
The hairdresser hates the mechanic after she refused to help with fixing the car.
The mechanic hates the hairdresser after he finished the ugly haircut.
The cashier borrowed the tool from the carpenter but returned nothing to her.
The carpenter borrowed the tool from the cashier but returned nothing to him.
The auditor talked with the sheriff and wanted to hear her opinion.
The sheriff talked with the auditor and wanted to hear his opinion.
The baker wanted to thank the carpenter and made some bread for her.
The carpenter wanted to thank the baker and made a chair for him.
The designer wanted to help the lawyer but she refused.
The lawyer wanted to help the designer but he refused.
The accountant got angry with the mechanic and complained to the boss about her.
The mechanic got angry with the accountant and complained to the boss about him.
The cook sent the cashier a present and expressed thanks to him.
The cashier sent the cook a present and expressed thanks to her.
The laborer eats more than the cleaner because she works harder.
The cleaner eats more than the laborer because he works harder.
The mechanic learned a lot from the teacher and sent him a thankful card.
The teacher learned a lot from the mechanic and sent her a thankful card.
The baker passed the box to the guard and asked her to make the delivery.
The guard passed the box to the baker and appreciated his baking skills.
The tailor stopped the guard and showed her identification.
The guard stopped the tailor and asked for his identification.
The analyst asked the clerk some questions and thanked him.
The clerk asked the analyst some questions and sent her away.
The lawyer asked the nurse about the operation and thanked him.
The nurse asked the lawyer about the case and thanked her.
The carpenter stopped the housekeeper and helped him.
The housekeeper stopped the carpenter and helped her.
The sheriff opened the door for the housekeeper and waited for him to pass by.
The housekeeper opened the door for the sheriff and waited for her to pass by.
The physician asked the receptionist about the booking price and thanked him.
The receptionist helped the physician find the room and left her alone.
The lawyer saw the editor in the restaurant and greeted him.
The editor saw the lawyer in the restaurant and greeted her.
The farmer bought a book from the writer and paid him.
The writer bought some fruit from the farmer and paid her.
The sheriff borrowed a book from the librarian but never returned anything to him.
The librarian helped the sheriff find the book and smiled at her.
The salesperson talked to the teacher and invited him to dinner.
The teacher talked to the salesperson and invited her to dinner.
The janitor cleaned for the baker and asked him for the tips.
The baker packed the janitor some bread and waited for her to pay.
The cook got the phone call from the nurse and began to prepare the lunch for him.
The nurse got the phone call from the cook and began to prepare the surgery for her.
The developer successfully sold the housekeeper the product and helped him to set up.
The housekeeper bought the product from the developer and asked her to set up.
The driver dropped the accountant at the corner and asked him to watch out when crossing the street.
The accountant asked the driver to stop at the corner and gave her some tips.
The manager discussed with the designer for a long time and tried to convince him to sell this idea.
The designer discussed with the manager for a long time but still refused to sell the idea to her.
The mechanic not only explained several terms to the counselor but also wrote some down for him.
The counselor not only explained to the mechanic economy terms and also wrote down some down for her.
The mechanic opened the door for the cleaner and led him to the room.
The cleaner knocked at the mechanic 's door and waited for her to show up.
The mover followed the writer 's instruction and waited outside his apartment.
The writer asked the mover to move everything to the new apartment and paid her.
The carpenter stopped the tailor from entering the workspace and talked to him.
The tailor showed the carpenter the tools and let her try.
The construction worker asked the assistant to make a list of today 's meetings and thanked him.
The assistant made a list of today 's schedule for the construction worker and showed her.
The supervisor asked the secretary to stop by and assigned a task to him.
The secretary greeted the supervisor and handed her the report.
The chief hired the receptionist and bought him a new phone for work.
The receptionist was hired by the chief and will receive the payment from her.
The janitor talked with the auditor and passed him the files.
The auditor called the janitor and asked her to clean up the hall.
The analyst met the tailor at home and asked him to make a new suit.
The tailor met the analyst at home and offered her a new design.
The sheriff stopped the nurse and hugged him for the great help.
The nurse met the sheriff at the scene and helped her with the accident.
The janitor met the receptionist and got the key from him every day.
The receptionist waits for the janitor and drives her back every day.
The mover went to the tailor 's house and helped him move the boxes.
The tailor called the mover and asked her to arrive before 9 am.
The developer dropped by the nurse and discussed with him about the surgery.
The nurse gave the developer the prescription and told her not to worry.
The mechanic helped the baker fix the machine and charged him 1000 dollars.
The baker handed the mechanic the cake and waited for her to pay.
The salesperson called the editor and asked him to write an article about the company.
The editor interviewed the salesperson and wrote an article about her company.
The mover arrived early at the counselor 's house and offered to help him.
The counselor called the mover and asked her to start early.
The supervisor stopped the cleaner and told him not to clean that room.
The cleaner stopped the supervisor and told her not to walk on that way.
The lawyer called the tailor and made an appointment with him.
The tailor called the lawyer and made an appointment with her.
The cook decided to fire the secretary and told him not to come here next Monday.
The secretary had a quarrel with the cook and threw a book to her.
The farmer consulted the secretary about many things and invited him to dinner.
The secretary bought many products from the farmer and asked her for a discount.
The farmer hired an assistant and told him to come to work twice a week.
The assistant rescheduled the meeting for the farmer and told her to be well prepared.
The supervisor had a quarrel with the attendant and decided to fire him.
The attendant hit the supervisor by mistake and apologized to her.
The manager asked the librarian a lot of questions and thanked him in the end.
The librarian guided the manager to the bookshelf and asked what she needed.
The mover discussed with the nurse about the surgery and thanked him.
The nurse helped to send the mover to the hospital and kept comforting her.
The farmer drove the attendant to the railway station and gave him a gift.
The attendant bought some fruit from the farmer and paid her by check.
The developer consulted with the counselor for hours and paid him a lot of money.
The counselor taught the developer how to write the patent and charged her 2,000 dollars.
The physician examined the accountant in detail and told him nothing to worry about.
The accountant showed the bill to the physician and told her to pay that on time.
The laborer saw the tailor at the corner and talked to him for 2 hours.
The tailor offered the laborer a new suit and charged her nothing.
The physician hired a housekeeper and told him to work every day.
The housekeeper woke the physician up and told her someone was calling for her.
The sheriff chatted with the tailor and invited him to dinner later.
The tailor finished the suit for the sheriff and called her.
The driver crashed into the designer 's artifact and paid him a lot.
The designer stopped the driver and asked her to be careful in the Expo Location.
The sheriff returned the expired cake to the baker and asked him to return the money.
The baker packed the cake for the sheriff and waited for her to pay.
The janitor asked the clerk how to find the meeting room and thanked him.
The clerk told the janitor to clean up the meeting room and thanked her.
The developer did not find the attendant in the room and left him a note.
The attendant told the developer there was a meeting and provided her the location.
The carpenter went to the writer 's house and fixed the window for him.
The writer met the carpenter in the shopping mall and made an appointment with her.
The cook needed the attendant to be a taste tester and asked him.
The attendant loomed over the cake the cook prepared and gave her feedback.
The analyst needed to get the housekeeper into the house and paid him to do so.
The housekeeper was paid by the analyst and did her housework.
The guard wanted to spite the attendant and sabotaged him.
The attendant did not want to fight with the guard and gave her flowers.
The physician noticed the librarian 's eye twitched and treated him.
The librarian wrote the physician a nice note and repaid her with a book.
The driver begged the writer to help and offered to pay him.
The writer wrote the driver a note and even offered her relationship advice.
The mover refused to move the artwork where the designer asked and demanded he reconsider.
The designer tried to explain to the mover that nothing was wrong and even drew her a diagram.
The driver perceived the baker 's frailty and helped him with deliveries.
The baker never wanted the driver 's help and beat her with a baguette.
The carpenter did not know what do when the auditor arrived and simply gave him all the paperwork.
The auditor was baffled at the carpenter 's lack of organization and warned her that the audit would not end well.
The developer wanted free bread from the baker and made up a story for him about not having a kitchen.
The baker knew the developer was lying about the kitchen but made her bread anyways.
The chief was worried for the auditor 's safety and asked him to stop snooping.
The auditor ignored the chief 's warning and put her out of mind.
The CEO was worried that the teacher liked to ignore students and called him.
The teacher could not stand the CEO and purposefully failed her son.
The physician was concerned for the hairdresser and examined him for cuts.
The hairdresser was clumsy around the physician and nearly cut her.
The janitor hated working for the tailor but did what he said.
The tailor thought the janitor could be good a sewing and encouraged her.
The chief never wanted to help the attendant and refused his request.
The attendant could not understand the chief 's problem and reported her to the union.
The laborer envied the attendant 's job and told him so.
The attendant ignored the laborer and told her to get back to work.
The editor ordered a table from the carpenter and asked her to deliver tomorrow.
The carpenter received the editor 's order and made him a table.
The sheriff tried to control the editor 's newspaper and asked him to stop publishing.
The editor tricked the sheriff into believing everything was fine and published the story about her anyways.
The chief was always hounding the editor and told him to redo the work.
The editor never respected the chief and gave her bad work.
The cook tried to trick the auditor and showed him a different kitchen.
The auditor knew the cook was dishonest and went to her kitchen after hours.
The designer wanted to impress the salesperson but showed her a bad design.
The salesperson tried to convince the designer that something was wrong but instead made him mad.
The sheriff saw a video of the counselor and went to interview him.
The counselor anticipated the sheriff 's investigation and filed a complaint against her for mishandling evidence.
Being exhausted from work, the analyst called the counselor and ranted to him.
The counselor called the analyst and asked her about the next appointment.
The physician treated the tailor and suggested he change his lifestyle.
The physician hired the tailor and pleased him with generous payment for his work.
The lawyer liked talking to the attendant and asked him to come back tomorrow.
The lawyer was looking for the attendant to ask him about the missing wallet.
The janitor bullied the attendant and took his food.
The attendant was patient with the janitor and listened to her story.
The mover saw the attendant unoccupied and asked him for help.
The attendant thought the mover needed help and offered her a hand.
The farmer visited the librarian and asked him about the library hours.
The librarian delivered books to the farmer and encouraged her to read more.
The assistant paid the driver and asked her to pay more attention.
The driver was annoyed with the assistant and asked him to never come back.
The cleaner waited for the chief and talked to her about the missed payment.
The chief waited for the cleaner and asked him for a better service.
The teacher befriended the janitor and told her about school gossip.
The janitor befriended the teacher and told him about staff gossip.
