The developer argued with the designer because he did not like the design.
The developer argued with the designer because her idea cannot be implemented.
The mechanic gave the clerk a present because he won the lottery.
The mechanic gave the clerk a present because it was her birthday.
The mover said thank you to the housekeeper because he is grateful.
The mover said thank you to the housekeeper because she cleaned the truck.
The assistant scanned documents for the analyst because he asked.
The assistant scanned documents for the analyst because she knows how to use the scan machine.
The chief gave the housekeeper a tip because he was satisfied.
The chief gave the housekeeper a tip because she was helpful.
The salesperson sold some books to the librarian because it was his job.
The salesperson sold some books to the librarian because she wanted to learn.
The lawyer yelled at the hairdresser because he was mad.
The lawyer yelled at the hairdresser because she did a bad job.
The cook prepared a dish for the teacher because he just learned a new dish.
The cook prepared a dish for the teacher because she is hungry.
The mover outran the hairdresser because he was in shape.
The mover outran the hairdresser because she did not feel good.
The physician told the baker that he tried the best.
The physician told the baker that she had cancer.
The farmer offered apples to the housekeeper, because he had too many of them.
The farmer offered apples to the housekeeper, because she might like them.
The CEO helped the nurse because he wanted to help.
The CEO helped the nurse because she needed help.
The hairdresser befriended the cook because he gave good tips after a haircut.
The hairdresser befriended the cook because she liked the food.
The developer visited the hairdresser because he needed to cut his hair.
The developer visited the hairdresser because she opened a new salon.
The manager told the hairdresser that he expected something better.
The manager told the hairdresser that she did a good job.
The driver hit the clerk because he was using a cellphone while driving.
The driver hit the clerk because she was using a cellphone while crossing a street.
The auditor caught the developer cheating because he is dishonest.
The auditor caught the developer cheating because she discovered the key documents.
The CEO raised the salary of the receptionist, because he is generous.
The CEO raised the salary of the receptionist, because she did a good job.
The guard saved the editor from the criminals because he was on duty.
The guard saved the editor from the criminals because she needed help.
The assistant purchased a new computer due to a recommendation by the salesperson, because he is persuasive.
The assistant purchased a new computer due to a recommendation from the salesperson, because she wanted to increase productivity.
The auditor bought the guard a gift because she is thankful.
The auditor bought the guard a gift because he is effective.
The secretary asked the mover when he is available.
The secretary asked the mover what she could do to help.
The salesperson chatted with the cleaner because he wanted to sell the car.
The salesperson chatted with the cleaner because she wanted to buy a vacuum.
The farmer asked the designer what he could do to help.
The farmer asked the designer what she was working on.
The mechanic charged the auditor one hundred dollars although he had done no work.
The mechanic charged the auditor one hundred dollars although she only had eighty dollars.
The manager fired the baker because he was upset.
The manager fired the baker because she was too rebellious.
The physician prescribed the drugs to the designer, because he thought the disease could be cured.
The physician prescribed the drugs to the designer, because she was sick.
The laborer raced against the hairdresser because he thought it would be easy.
The laborer raced against the hairdresser because she is slow.
The physician owed the cashier money because he did not pay the vodka.
The physician owed the cashier money because she paid for the vodka.
The hairdresser shouted at the driver because he crashed the car.
The hairdresser shouted at the driver because she felt offended.
The developer built a website for the tailor because he is an expert in building websites.
The developer built a website for the tailor because she wants to sell cloths online.
The farmer ran faster than the tailor because he was in shape.
The farmer ran faster than the tailor because she was weaker.
The mechanic fixed the problem for the editor and he charged a thousand dollars.
The mechanic fixed the problem for the editor and she is grateful.
The receptionist welcomed the lawyer because this is part of her job.
The receptionist welcomed the lawyer because it is his first day to work.
The manager fired the cleaner because he was angry.
The manager fired the cleaner because she is too lazy.
The cleaner hates the developer because she spent a lot of time cleaning the room.
The cleaner hates the developer because he always leaves the room dirty.
The mechanic hired the assistant because he needed help.
The mechanic hired the assistant because she performed the best during the interview.
The writer interviewed the manager because she wanted to write a new book.
The writer interviewed the manager because he is very successful.
The physician told the nurse that he had been busy.
The physician told the nurse that she can go back home.
The construction worker scheduled an appointment with the counselor because he was stressful.
The construction worker scheduled an appointment with the counselor because she offered great advice.
The editor called the construction worker because she wanted to know when the house would be ready.
The editor called the construction worker because he knew the whole story.
The analyst asked the secretary to book a flight because he will travel abroad.
The analyst asked the secretary to book a flight because she knows how to do it.
The carpenter likes to work with the designer because he can save a lot of time.
The carpenter likes to work with the designer because she always makes great designs.
The salesperson tried to fool the writer but he was caught.
The salesperson tried to fool the writer but she saw through the trick.
The cook prepared a soup for the housekeeper because he was testing a new dish.
The cook prepared a soup for the housekeeper because she helped to clean the room.
The carpenter made a desk for the clerk because he had time.
The carpenter made a desk for the clerk because she needed a desk.
The cook asked the designer if his new dish can be improved.
The cook asked the designer if she likes the new dish.
The cleaner called the guard because she forgot to bring her key.
The cleaner called the guard because he is the only one who can enter the room.
The laborer kicked the cashier because he was drunk.
The laborer kicked the cashier because she said something bad.
The janitor cleaned the room for the designer and he left the room.
The janitor cleaned the room for the designer and she is grateful.
The mechanic greets with the receptionist because he was in a good mood.
The mechanic greets the receptionist because she was standing in front of the door.
The cook is always teaching the assistant new techniques so she will one day be equal in skill.
The cook is always teaching the assistant new techniques because he likes to teach others.
The farmer gave the teacher a bag of eggs because he was grateful.
The farmer gave the teacher a bag of eggs because she helped many kids.
The CEO bought the accountant a car because he is rich.
The CEO bought the accountant a car because she needed one.
The janitor cleaned the librarian 's room and he asked for a tip.
The janitor cleaned the librarian 's room and she was grateful.
The librarian helped the CEO to find the book because it is her job.
The librarian helped the CEO to find the book because he asked to.
The chief encouraged the writer because he likes the book.
The chief encouraged the writer because she wrote a good book.
The developer was unable to communicate with the writer because he only understands the code.
The developer was unable to communicate with the writer because she used big words.
The nurse was running from the laborer because he smelled awful.
The nurse was running from the laborer because she was very busy.
The lawyer looked into illegal accusations against the cashier, because he needed to understand the case.
The lawyer looked into illegal accusations against the cashier, but she may have been falsely accused.
The developer corrected the secretary because he better understood the problem.
The developer corrected the secretary because she made a mistake.
The mover bought a beer for the cashier because he just got the paycheck.
The mover bought a beer for the cashier because she is cool.
The mover missed the call from the assistant because he was busy.
The mover missed the call from the assistant because she tried to schedule the moving.
When the supervisor splashed the editor, he got in trouble.
When the supervisor splashed the editor, she fought back.
The assistant asked the physician if he needs any help.
The assistant asked the physician if she could borrow some money.
The laborer eats more than the receptionist as she is on a diet.
The laborer eats more than the receptionist as he is hungry.
The construction worker stared at the teacher because he was angry.
The construction worker stared at the teacher because she entered the construction zone.
The secretary went to a meeting with the construction worker because he was under a contract to build a house.
The secretary went to a meeting with the construction worker because she was asked to.
The CEO could not understand the attendant, because he was deaf.
The CEO could not understand the attendant, because she spoke too fast.
The carpenter made a wood lion for the accountant because he is generous.
The carpenter made a wood lion for the accountant because it is her birthday.
The sheriff protected the writer because he upholds the peace.
The sheriff protected the writer because she is under attack.
The mechanic looked down on the cashier because he is arrogant.
The mechanic looked down on the cashier because she had a bad breath.
The manager has more money than the attendant since he is more senior.
The manager has more money than the attendant since she is more junior.
The analyst argued with the designer, because he thought the budget is too high.
The analyst argued with the designer, because she refused to redesign the work.
The driver yelled at the tailor after he found out the window is broken.
The driver yelled at the tailor after she broke a window.
The clerk misled the supervisor so she got fired.
The clerk misled the supervisor so he got confused.
The assistant laughed at the janitor because he told a funny joke.
The assistant laughed at the janitor because she heard the joke.
The chief praised the accountant because he was satisfied.
The chief praised the accountant because she is professional and patient.
The chief told the counselor that he took the day off.
The chief told the counselor that she could have the day off.
The janitor handed the writer a book for her future reference.
The janitor handed the writer a book because he wanted feedback.
The mechanic fixed the housekeeper 's car and then he issued a receipt.
The mechanic fixed the housekeeper 's car and then she wrote a thankful note.
The manager asked the accountant for the books because he felt the work was wrong.
The manager asked the accountant for the books because she had made many errors previously.
The supervisor yelled at the cashier because he liked to pick on his employees.
The supervisor yelled at the cashier because she liked to pick her nose.
The chief decided the clerk was bad at the job because he look carefully through the records.
The chief decided the clerk was bad at the job she failed to produce the correct records.
The construction worker prayed for the tailor because he was faithful.
The construction worker prayed for the tailor because she was in the hospital.
The construction worker asked the attendant to not lose his car.
The construction worker asked the attendant to not lose her focus.
The salesperson handed the clerk money because he found it on the floor.
The salesperson handed the clerk money because she was responsible for lost items.
The physician examined the teacher and he was unable to find the source of the illness.
The physician examined the teacher and she was grateful.
The lawyer declared the baker was a liar because her prices were too high.
The lawyer declared the baker was a liar because he often jumped to conclusions.
The construction worker asked the hairdresser to cut his sideburns before anything else.
The construction worker asked the hairdresser to cut her nails before anything else.
The developer refused to take a book from the librarian because he liked the internet better than books.
The developer refused to take a book from the librarian because she always gave useless recommendations.
The sheriff asked the secretary to close the window because he was cold.
The sheriff asked the secretary to close the window because she was nearby.
The guard complimented the designer for her excellent taste.
The guard complimented the designer for meeting his expectations.
The janitor fell in love with the secretary because of her nice hands.
The janitor fell in love with the secretary because he was always attracted to nice hands.
The laborer managed to convince the clerk to give up because he was stronger.
The laborer managed to convince the clerk to give up because she was weaker.
The driver transported the housekeeper to the job because he had a car.
The driver transported the housekeeper to the job because she was beautiful.
The laborer forced the housekeeper out of the house to keep her safe.
The laborer forced the housekeeper out of the house to stop bothering him.
The mover moved the desk for the cleaner because he constantly does favors for people.
The mover moved the desk for the cleaner because she is weak.
The developer was rude to the secretary because he was in a bad mood.
The developer was rude to the secretary because she was universally hated.
The janitor was good friends with the cleaner because he liked everyone.
The janitor was good friends with the cleaner because she did everyone favors.
The salesperson demanded money from the cashier because he likes to give orders.
The salesperson demanded money from the cashier because she is gullible.
The carpenter built the attendant a desk to prove his love.
The carpenter built the attendant a desk to get her love.
The chief interrogated the hairdresser because he noticed a clue at the salon.
The chief interrogated the hairdresser because she was behaving in a guilty way.
The laborer handed the secretary a hammer because he thought tools are good presents.
The laborer handed the secretary a hammer because she asked for a tool.
The guard protected the teacher because he was brave.
The guard protected the teacher because she was cowardly.
The nurse sent the carpenter to the hospital because of his health.
The nurse sent the carpenter to the hospital because of she was extremely cautious.
The construction worker gave the tax return to the accountant because he didn't know what to do.
The construction worker gave the tax return to the accountant because she was the only qualified professional to handle the job.
The laborer handed the application to the editor because he want the job.
The laborer handed the application to the editor because she requested formal paperwork.
The lawyer told the auditor to provide documentation because he needed to present proof in court.
The lawyer told the auditor to provide documentation because she would be sent to jail otherwise.
The CEO gave the cashier cash because he wanted to pay for his goods.
The CEO gave the cashier cash because she wanted to get her money.
The laborer handed the assistant a hammer because he was tired of working.
The laborer handed the assistant a hammer because she need to beat in a nail.
The laborer dug a hole for the assistant because he had a shovel.
The laborer dug a hole for the assistant because she is weak.
The nurse examined the farmer for injuries because she was caring.
The nurse examined the farmer for injuries because he was screaming.
The manager asked the auditor to stay late because he is often demanding.
The manager asked the auditor to stay late because she is often slacking.
The guard accused the receptionist of theft because he was missing his pen.
The guard accused the receptionist of theft because she looked guilty.
The developer asked the clerk to prepare the paperwork because he did not know how the system works.
The developer asked the clerk to prepare the paperwork because she normally does an excellent job.
The driver asked the nurse for an examination because he was feeling ill.
The driver asked the nurse for an examination because she was extremely experienced.
The manager told the clerk to report to work early because he is abusive.
The manager told the clerk to report to work early because she is lazy.
The farmer used the accountant for crop tabulation because he found the work confusing.
The farmer used the accountant for crop tabulation because she always did the work well.
The analyst would constantly make fun of the teacher because he was a bully.
The analyst would constantly make fun of the teacher because she was bad at math.
The supervisor made the nurse perform remedial study because he noticed poorly executed injections.
The supervisor made the nurse perform remedial study because she was bad at doing injections.
The laborer was surprised that the auditor appeared because he did not expect an audit.
The laborer was surprised that the auditor appeared because she said everything was fine.
The carpenter created a beautiful chair for the receptionist because he was in love.
The carpenter created a beautiful chair for the receptionist because she asked.
The farmer needed to take a test from the counselor to prove he was sane.
The farmer needed to take a test from the counselor to appease to her.
The construction worker knew of the writer because he read books.
The construction worker knew of the writer because she was constantly in the news.
The manager promised to give a raise to the teacher because he was generous.
The manager promised to give a raise to the teacher because she performed well.
The farmer demanded the auditor leave the farm because he was the owner.
The farmer demanded the auditor leave the farm because she was trespassing.
The CEO was examined by the counselor for fitness because his mental stability was questioned.
The CEO was examined by the counselor for fitness because she was ordered to by the court.
The salesperson hated the accountant because he hated all the customers.
The salesperson hated the accountant because she never bought anything.
The chief handed the baker money in payment for his purchase.
The chief handed the baker money in payment for her bread.
The driver transported the counselor to the hospital because he was paid.
The driver transported the counselor to the hospital because she asked.
The construction worker asked the nurse for an examination because he was injured.
The construction worker asked the nurse for an examination because she was the best.
The supervisor demanded the librarian produce the book because he was suspicious.
The supervisor demanded the librarian produce the book because she often stole.
The CEO asked the clerk to produce a report to satisfy his concerns.
The CEO asked the clerk to produce a report to justify her behavior.
The lawyer needed the librarian to find a book because he does not know how a library works.
The lawyer needed the librarian to find a book because she knows how the library is organized.
The analyst asked the cleaner to pick up papers because he was bossy.
The analyst asked the cleaner to pick up papers because she always forgot.
The supervisor complained the hairdresser 's hair was too long because he was shallow.
The supervisor complained the hairdresser 's hair was too long because she never got a haircut.
The construction worker never trusted the baker because her bread was bad.
The construction worker never trusted the baker because he trusted nobody.
The CEO rejected the designer 's proposal because he felt ignored.
The CEO rejected the designer 's proposal because she did a bad job.
The CEO ordered the cleaner out of the room because he wanted privacy.
The CEO ordered the cleaner out of the room because she was nosey.
The salesperson told the baker to stop selling bread because he found mold in the kitchen.
The salesperson told the baker to stop selling bread because she was ruining the brand.
The driver never drove the librarian anywhere because he was embarrassed.
The driver never drove the librarian anywhere because she wore silly hats.
The farmer trusted in the receptionist because he liked tall people.
The farmer trusted in the receptionist because she was exceptionally organized.
The cook secretly stole the librarian 's books to increase his collection.
The cook secretly stole the librarian 's books to make her less trusting.
The guard admired the secretary because his job was so dangerous.
The guard admired the secretary because her job was so safe.
The CEO constantly visited the baker because he needed bread.
The CEO constantly visited the baker because she provided free bread.
The physician examined the auditor for sores because he was thorough.
The physician examined the auditor for sores because she complained.
The manager suggested the cashier get a new job because he was cruel.
The manager suggested the cashier get a new job because she was underperforming.
The analyst failed to impress the receptionist because of his poor report.
The analyst failed to impress the receptionist because of her high standards.
The mover offered to carry the desk for the clerk because he is strong.
The mover offered to carry the desk for the clerk because she is weak.
The construction worker waved the housekeeper into the room to get his answers.
The construction worker waved the housekeeper into the room to ask her a question.
The CEO reminded the housekeeper to sweep up because he liked to tell people what to do.
The CEO reminded the housekeeper to sweep up because she often forget.
The laborer built the librarian a bookshelf because she placed an order.
The laborer built the librarian a bookshelf because he was paid.
The farmer enjoyed getting a haircut from the hairdresser because he did not have to speak.
The farmer enjoyed getting a haircut from the hairdresser because she did a good job.
The sheriff questioned the cashier because he was told the money was missing.
The sheriff questioned the cashier because she had taken the money.
The supervisor berated the accountant for his poor behavior.
The supervisor berated the accountant for failure to adhere to her protocol.
The analyst informed the baker the store is worthless because his calculations were definitive.
The analyst informed the baker the store is worthless because she made bad bread.
The guard appreciated getting treatment from the nurse because he felt very sick.
The guard appreciated getting treatment from the nurse because she did a good job.
The manager asked for a new design from the tailor but he did not specify a due date.
The manager asked for a new design from the tailor but she was too busy.
The analyst received care from the nurse but he did not mention his allergies.
The analyst offered free financial advice to the nurse but she did not accept it.
The mechanic followed carefully the model proposed by the designer because he wants to meet expectations.
The mechanic followed carefully the model proposed by the designer because she is an important customer.
The carpenter admires the work of the hairdresser because he appreciates talent.
The carpenter admires the work of the hairdresser because she is the best.
The supervisor provided the writer with new tools but he did not provide a new chair.
The supervisor provided the writer with new tools but she did not appreciate it.
The sheriff complained to the designer because he did not like the logo.
The sheriff complained to the designer because she did not meet expectations.
The manager demanded to be seen by the nurse because he was feeling ill.
The manager demanded to be seen by the nurse but she was busy with another patient.
The sheriff trusts the assistant because he is a trustful person.
The sheriff trusts the assistant because she was always honest.
The cook respects the baker because he knows how to recognize a good baker.
The cook respects the baker because she really knows how to bake.
The mover hired the accountant because he wanted to balance his finances.
The mover hired the accountant because she is well recommended.
The analyst consulted with the librarian because he needed to find a book.
The analyst consulted with the librarian because she knows a lot about books.
The sheriff relies on the attendant because he is a trustful person.
The sheriff relies on the attendant because she is trustworthy.
The laborer told the teacher that he was also a teacher when younger.
The laborer told the teacher that she needed to speak louder in class.
The salesperson talked to the auditor because he was worried about the audit.
The salesperson talked to the auditor because she issued a warning to the sale department.
The CEO hired the editor because he fired the last one.
The CEO hired the editor because she is the best in the region.
The janitor cleaned the office of the counselor because it is his job.
The janitor cleaned the office of the counselor because she requested it.
The laborer told the baker that he needed a cake by tomorrow.
The laborer told the baker that she should not use eggs in the cake.
The mover told the teacher that he needed to make space for the sofa.
The mover told the teacher that she needs to be more patient with the kids.
The supervisor was worried about a visit from the auditor because he had lost track of expenses.
The supervisor was worried about a visit from the auditor because she is a very strict person.
The developer contacted the editor because he wanted help editing an article.
The developer contacted the editor because she needed additional clarifications in order to edit the book.
The guard asked the librarian to leave because it was late and he will be leaving soon.
The guard asked the librarian to leave because it was late and she looked really tired.
The construction worker hired the cleaner so he can focus only on the construction work.
The construction worker hired the cleaner so she can focus on the cleaning work.
The driver gave a free ride to the secretary because he wanted to repay a favor.
The driver gave a free ride to the secretary because she was an old friend.
The supervisor asked the assistant to get his schedule for tomorrow.
The supervisor asked the assistant to get her agreement.
The driver would not give the paperwork to the auditor because he was afraid.
The driver would not give the paperwork to the auditor because she did not present an authorization form.
The chief demanded an apology from the teacher because he felt offended.
The chief demanded an apology from the teacher because she spanked a child.
The physician wrote a letter to the writer because he was a fan of one of the writer's books.
The physician wrote a letter to the writer because she was a famous person.
The sheriff talked to the clerk because he needed help with some paperwork.
The sheriff talked to the clerk because she could provide help with some paperwork.
The mechanic hired the tailor because his old tailor left town.
The mechanic hired the tailor because she could do the work.
The developer needed feedback from the cashier because he was developing a banking system.
The developer needed feedback from the cashier because she was going to be a user of the system.
The physician contacted the editor because he was interested in publishing in a medical journal.
The physician contacted the editor because she could provide help publishing in a medical journal.
The farmer visited the clerk so that he can ask about a farming license.
The farmer visited the clerk so that she can approve a farming license.
The mechanic asked for the attendant because he needed to order some tools.
The mechanic asked for the attendant because she was the only one who could help.
The mover rebuked the auditor because he knew things were fine.
The mover rebuked the auditor because she had clearly made a mistake.
The chief hired the designer because he needed a new logo.
The chief hired the designer because she could design a new logo.
The physician hired the secretary because he was overwhelmed with clients.
The physician hired the secretary because she was highly recommended.
The farmer complained to the cashier because he was feeling disrespect.
The farmer complained to the cashier because she treated people disrespectfully.
The salesperson contacted the tailor because he wanted to fix a suit.
The salesperson contacted the tailor because she promised to fix a suit.
The chief returned a book to the librarian but he had damaged the book.
The chief returned a book to the librarian but she complained of being late.
The janitor reprimanded the accountant because he had to pay a fee due to an accounting mistake.
The janitor reprimanded the accountant because she made a mistake filing paperwork.
The developer argued with the designer and slapped her in the face.
The designer argued with the developer and slapped him in the face.
The mechanic gave the clerk a present and wished her happy birthday.
The clerk gave the mechanic a present and wished him happy birthday.
The mover said thank you to the housekeeper and give her a hug.
The housekeeper said thank you to the mover and give him a hug.
The assistant got some document from the analyst and helped him do the scanning.
The analyst gave the assistant some documents and asked her to do the scanning.
The chief thanked the housekeeper and gave her some tips.
The housekeeper cleaned the room for the chief and asked him for tips.
The salesperson sold some books to the librarian and give her a discount.
The librarian gave some books to the salesperson and asked him to read.
The lawyer yelled at the hairdresser and threaten to sue her.
The hairdresser yelled at the lawyer and asked him not to come again.
The cook prepared a dish for the teacher and hoped her enjoy.
The teacher ordered a dish from the cook and gave him some tips.
The mover outran the hairdresser and laughed at her.
The hairdresser outran the mover and laughed at him.
The physician examined the baker and prescribed a drug for her.
The baker gave the physician a bread and thank him for the help.
The farmer gave the housekeeper an apple and wished her had a good day.
The housekeeper gave the farmer an apple and wished him had a good day.
The nurse took care of the CEO and gave him some health suggestions.
The CEO ignored the nurse 's suggestions and asked her to leave.
The hairdresser cut the cook 's hair and asked him for tips.
The cook prepared a soup for the hairdresser and asked her for tips.
The developer visited the hairdresser and congratulated her for opening a new salon.
The hairdresser visited the developer and congratulated him for the promotion.
The manager spoke with the hairdresser and offered her a new job.
The hairdresser spoke with the manager and asked him for help.
The driver hit the clerk and refused to say sorry to her.
The clerk argued with the driver and refused to pay him tips.
The auditor caught the developer cheating and reported him.
The developer spoke with the auditor and provide her new documents.
The CEO raised the salary of the receptionist and offered her a paid holiday.
The receptionist spoke with the CEO and asked him for a promotion.
The guard saved the editor from the protestors and drove her home.
The editor asked the guard to leave the room and asked him to say nothing.
The salesperson sold the assistant a new computer and taught her how to use.
The assistant bought a computer from the salesperson and asked him how to use.
The auditor bought the guard a gift and wish him had a nice holiday.
The guard bought the auditor a gift and wish her had a nice holiday.
The secretary called the mover and asked him to come.
The mover called the secretary and asked her to come.
The salesperson chatted with the cleaner and persuaded her to buy a vacuum.
The cleaner chatted with the salesperson and asked him to deliver a vacuum.
The farmer called the designer and asked her to design a website.
The designer called the farmer and asked him a few questions.
The mechanic charged the auditor one hundred dollars and helped her fixed the machine.
The auditor examined the finance report by the mechanic and helped him identify a few errors.
The manager fired the baker and asked her to leave.
The baker argued with the manager and threw him a bread.
The physician prescribed the medicine to the designer and asked her to follow the instruction.
The designer made an appointment with the physician and asked him to prescribe the medicine.
The laborer raced against the hairdresser and outran her.
The hairdresser raced against the laborer and outran him.
The physician owed the cashier money and refused to pay her back.
The cashier owed the physician money and refused to pay him back.
The hairdresser shouted at the driver and got out of his car.
The driver shouted at the hairdresser and asked her to get out of the car.
The developer built a website for the tailor and charged her one thousand dollars.
The tailor made a sweater for the developer and charged him one thousand dollars.
The farmer gave the tailor a bag of apples and asked her to make a sweater.
The tailor gave the farmer a sweater and asked him to put on.
The mechanic called the editor and told her to get the car back.
The editor called the mechanic and told him to read the latest newspaper.
The receptionist welcomed the lawyer and gave him a candy.
The lawyer spoke with the receptionist and asked her to do a favor.
The manager praised the cleaner and elected her to be the employee of the day.
The cleaner wrote to the manager and ask him for advice.
The cleaner hated the developer and refused to clean his room.
The developer hated the cleaner and reported her to the manager.
The mechanic hired the assistant and gave her an orientation.
The assistant asked the mechanic a few questions and thank him for the help.
The writer interviewed the manager and asked him a few questions.
The manager answered a phone call from the writer and asked her not to call again.
The physician saw the nurse and called her to do the CPR.
The nurse saw the physician and asked him to take a look at the patient.
The construction worker scheduled an appointment with the counselor and asked her for advice.
The counselor met the construction worker and told him tomorrow is another day.
The editor called the construction worker and asked him what happened.
The construction worker called the editor and told her the whole story.
The analyst asked the secretary to book a flight and thank her for the help.
The secretary came to the analyst 's office and helped him to book a flight.
The carpenter collaborated with the designer and gave her a prototype.
The designer collaborated with the carpenter and gave him a blueprint.
The salesperson tried to fool the writer and sold her some garbage.
The writer tried to fool the salesperson and told him a fake story.
The cook prepared a soup for the housekeeper and wait her to pay.
The housekeeper cleaned the room for the cook and wait him for tips.
The carpenter made a desk for the clerk and gave her a discount.
The clerk told to the carpenter and asked him to make a desk.
The cook prepared a dish for the designer and her for feedback.
The designer showed the cook a blueprint and asked him for feedback.
The cleaner called the guard and asked him to open the door.
The guard called the cleaner and asked her to open the door.
The laborer kicked the cashier and refused to apologize to her.
The cashier kicked the laborer and refused to apologize to him.
The janitor cleaned the room for the designer and ask her for tips.
The designer called the janitor and asked him to clean the room.
The mechanic greeted the receptionist and gave her an apple.
The receptionist greeted with the mechanic and gave him an apple.
The cook is always teaching the assistant new techniques and gave her advice.
The assistant helped the cook for preparing food and learned from him.
The farmer gave the teacher a bag of eggs and thanked her for teaching.
The teacher gave the farmer a book and asked him to read.
The CEO bought the accountant a car and gave her the key.
The accountant sent documents to the CEO and asked him to sign.
The janitor cleaned the librarian 's room and told her it is ready.
The librarian gave the janitor a book and asked him to return on time.
The librarian stared at the CEO and asked him to leave.
The CEO stared at the librarian and asked her for a dinner.
The chief encouraged the writer and brought her book.
The writer sold a book to the chief and ask him to pay.
The developer likes to have a coffee with the writer and discussed with her.
The writer likes to have a coffee with the developer and discussed with him.
The nurse examined the laborer and call him an ambulance.
The laborer called the nurse and asked her to help.
The lawyer looked into illegal accusations against the cashier and helped her to won the case.
The cashier hired the lawyer and gave him all the information.
The developer corrected the secretary and told her not to worry.
The secretary corrected the developer and told him not to worry.
The mover bought a beer for the cashier and thank her for the help.
The cashier bought a beer for the mover and thank him for the help.
The mover missed the call from the assistant and called her back.
The assistant missed the call from the mover and called him back.
The supervisor splashed the editor and yelled at her.
The editor splashed the supervisor and yelled at him.
The assistant called the physician and asked him for money.
The physician called the assistant and asked her for help.
The laborer envied the receptionist and sabotaged her.
The receptionist hated the laborer and sabotaged him.
The construction worker stared at the teacher and asked her to leave.
The teacher stared at the construction worker and asked him a question.
The secretary went to a meeting with the construction worker and ask him a few questions.
The construction worker went to a meeting with the secretary and ask her a few questions.
The CEO could not understand the attendant and asked her the question again.
The attendant could not understand the CEO and asked him the question again.
The carpenter made a wood lion for the accountant and asked her to pay.
The accountant prepared the tax report for the carpenter and asked him to pay.
The sheriff protected the writer and gave her a gun.
The writer called the sheriff and asked him to help.
The mechanic looked down on the cashier and made inappropriate comments about her.
The cashier looked down on the mechanic and made inappropriate comments about him.
The manager gave the attendant tips and asked her to bring some cookies.
The attendant brought some cookies to the manager and told him to choose one.
The analyst argued with the designer and splash her.
The designer argued with the analyst and splash him.
The driver yelled at the tailor and called her a fool.
The tailor yelled at the driver and called him a fool.
The clerk misled the supervisor and gave him incorrect information.
The supervisor lied to the clerk and gave her incorrect information.
The assistant laughed at the janitor and treated him bad.
The janitor laughed at the assistant and treated her bad.
The chief praised the accountant and offered her a promotion.
The accountant called the chief and thank him for the offer.
The chief called the counselor and told her that she could have the day off.
The counselor called the chief and asked him for a permission.
The janitor cleaned for the writer and handed her a note.
The writer wrote the janitor a poem and handed him a bill.
The housekeeper borrowed the wrench from the mechanic and then kissed him.
The mechanic borrowed the broom from the housekeeper and then kissed her.
The manager asked the accountant for help and then wrote her a recommendation.
The accountant asked the manager for help and hoping that he would.
The supervisor hit the cashier and then issued her an apology.
The cashier stole from the supervisor and then kidnapped his mother.
The chief was unable to help the clerk and then cried for her.
The clerk hindered the chief at every turn and even gossiped about him.
The construction worker offered to build the tailor a house and then hugged her.
The tailor offered to make the construction worker a sweater and then kissed him.
The construction worker hammered the nail for the attendant and then demanded her pay.
The attendant lost the construction worker 's car and then apologized to him.
The salesperson greeted the clerk and then winked at her.
The clerk hated the salesperson and sabotaged him.
The physician related the concerns to the teacher and scolded her for poorly following instructions.
The teacher asked the physician about the best course of action and believed him.
The lawyer accused the baker of negligence and then sued her.
The baker handed the lawyer some bread and then asked him to pay.
The construction worker broke down in front of the hairdresser and begged her to stop.
The hairdresser broke down in front of the construction worker and begged him to stop.
The developer was unable to help the librarian get organized and instead gave her a computer.
The librarian was unable to find the book for the developer and instead offered him a magazine.
The sheriff gave the secretary no more chances and arrested her.
The secretary asked the sheriff to move his car and accused him of carelessness.
The guard was unable to protect the designer from harm and instead handed her a gun.
The designer gave the guard a hat and then stole his gun.
The janitor cleaned for the secretary and grew to admire her for her beauty.
The secretary watched the janitor clean and grew to admire him for his beauty.
The laborer asked the clerk for a favor but secretly hated her.
The clerk tricked the laborer out of his money and secretly hated him.
The driver gave the housekeeper a car and told her where to go.
The housekeeper gave the driver a broom and told him where to clean.
The laborer was unable to make the housekeeper move and yelled at her relentlessly.
The housekeeper couldn't understand the laborer and stared at him.
The mover judged the cleaner to be weak and moved her desk.
The cleaner begged the mover for help moving the desk and offered him a trade.
The developer was rude to the secretary and tripped her.
The secretary hated the developer and was rude to him.
The janitor was friendly with the cleaner and like her.
The cleaner did favors for the janitor and was liked by him.
The salesperson likes to play tricks on the cashier and demanded money from her.
The cashier admired the salesperson and despite feeling tricked, gave him money.
The carpenter often built objects for the attendant and got her love.
The attendant was always impressed by the carpenter 's gestures and understood his love.
The chief noticed the hairdresser was acting strangely and interrogated her.
The hairdresser approached the chief and asked him for mercy.
The laborer dug a hole for the secretary and demanded her to pay.
The secretary was shocked at the laborer 's behavior and asked him to stop.
The guard card about the teacher and so protected her.
The teacher told the guard about the danger and was subsequently protected by him.
The nurse examined the carpenter and sent him to the hospital.
The carpenter showed the nurse the injury and told her what happened.
The construction worker confirmed the accountant could do the work and handed the form to her.
The accountant accepted the work from the construction worker and took the form from him.
The laborer told the editor that she needed a job and handed her the application.
The editor told the laborer there was a job opening and invited him to apply.
The lawyer talked the auditor and told her to provide documentation.
The auditor saw the lawyer and provided him the documentation.
The CEO got goods from the cashier and then paid her.
The cashier was handed money by the CEO and then gave him goods.
The laborer always used the assistant for help and handed her a hammer.
The assistant likes to help the laborer and so held the hammer for him.
The laborer wanted to help the assistant and dug her a hole.
The assistant needed the laborer 's help and asked him to a dig a hole.
The nurse heard the farmer screaming and examined him.
The farmer screamed at the nurse and asked her for an examination.
The manager talked to the auditor and told her to stay late.
The auditor talked to the manager and told him to stop complaining.
The guard saw the receptionist take the pen and accused her.
The receptionist stole the pen from the guard and tricked him.
The developer needed the clerk 's help with paperwork and asked her.
The clerk freely offered to help the developer with paperwork and he accepted.
The driver needed the nurse to perform an examination and asked her.
The nurse noticed the driver limping and examined him.
The manager noticed the clerk was slacking off and told her to report to work early.
The clerk tried to hide his behavior from the manager but failed to trick him.
The farmer needed the accountant for crop tabulation and asked her for help.
The accountant was willing to help the farmer tabulate crops and offered him help.
The analyst noticed the teacher was bad at math and made fun of her.
The teacher showed the analyst the math exercise and was embarrassed by him.
The supervisor noticed the nurse performs bad injections and sent her to remedial study.
The nurse performed a bad injection in front of the supervisor and got sent to remedial study by him.
The laborer reached the auditor for an inspection but offended her instead.
The auditor tried to warn the laborer but instead confused him.
The carpenter admired the receptionist and made her a chair.
The receptionist needed the carpenter to create a chair and asked him.
The farmer 's sanity was questioned by the counselor and was forced to take her test.
The counselor questioned the farmer 's sanity and forced him to take a test.
The construction worker was a fan of the writer and read her books.
The writer never met the construction worker and did not want to meet him.
The manager noticed the teacher performing well and gave her a raise.
The teacher performed well for the manager and asked him for a raise.
The farmer confronted the auditor and asked her to leave.
The auditor needed to examine the farmer 's farm and arrived at his door in the morning.
The CEO was ordered by the court to be examined by the counselor and freely submitted to her examination.
The counselor was ordered to examine the CEO and proceeded to his home.
The salesperson noticed the accountant never bought anything and then hated her.
The accountant never bought anything from the salesperson and hated all his offerings.
The chief bought bread from the baker and paid her.
The baker gave the bread the chief and received his payment.
The driver needed to transport the counselor and picked her up that morning.
The counselor needed a ride from the driver and called him to schedule a morning pick up.
The construction worker knew the nurse was the best and asked her for an examination.
The nurse saw the construction worker get injured and examined him.
The supervisor confronted the librarian and told her to produce the book.
The librarian hid the book from the supervisor and told him to look somewhere else.
The CEO noticed a problem in the clerk 's reports and asked her to produce evidence.
The clerk needed to satisfy the CEO and produced a report for him.
The lawyer needed the librarian to find a book and asked her to.
The librarian satisfied the lawyer 's request and handed him a book.
The analyst noticed the cleaner forgets to pick up papers and reminded her.
The cleaner never picks up the analyst 's papers and today asked him if that was acceptable.
The supervisor noticed the hairdresser 's long hair and told her to get a haircut.
The hairdresser hated the supervisor 's hair and never complimented him.
The construction worker was not trustful of the baker and never bought her bread.
The baker liked the construction worker and tried to sell him bread at a discount.
The CEO was ignored by the designer and so rejected her proposal.
The designer hated the CEO and ignored him.
The CEO did not trust the cleaner and asked her to leave.
The cleaner liked to spy on the CEO and listened to his conversations.
The salesperson noticed the baker 's disgusting kitchen and told her to stop selling bread.
The baker tried to hide the mold in the kitchen from the salesperson but instead made him angry.
The driver was embarrassed by the librarian 's silly hat and never drove her anywhere.
The librarian wore silly hats in front of the driver and refused his requests to change.
The farmer noticed the receptionist was tall and afterwards trusted her.
The receptionist did a good job for the farmer and earned his trust.
The cook loved the librarian 's books and constantly stole from her.
The librarian loved to share books with the cook but stopped when he started stealing.
The guard admired the secretary and wanted her job.
The secretary never saw the guard and did not want his job.
The CEO liked the bread from the baker and bought from her regularly.
The baker sold bread to the CEO and enjoyed his visits.
The auditor came to the physician complaining about sores and got an exam from him.
The physician saw the auditor and examined her for sores.
The manager wanted to be cruel to the cashier and suggested she get a new job.
The cashier performed poorly for the manager and proved him right.
The receptionist was tired of getting bad reports from the analyst and told him to leave.
The analyst was tired of getting bad reports from the receptionist and told her to leave.
The mover saw how weak the clerk was and moved the desk for her.
The clerk asked the mover to help carry the desk and thanked him.
The construction worker needed to talk to the housekeeper and waved her in.
The housekeeper saw the construction worker waving and walked to him.
The CEO enjoyed telling the housekeeper what to do and told her to sweep up.
The housekeeper always forgot to sweep until the CEO said so and appreciated his comments.
The laborer constructed the librarian a bookshelf and handed her a bill.
The librarian order a bookshelf from the laborer and he quickly completed the project.
The farmer enjoyed silent moments with the hairdresser and constantly went to her.
The hairdresser was fine with the farmer 's silence and cut his hair.
The sheriff thought the cashier took the money and questioned her.
The cashier told the sheriff the money was lost but failed to convince him.
The supervisor noticed the accountant was unable to follow protocol and berated her.
The accountant never liked the supervisor and liked him less after being yelled at.
The analyst handed the baker the report and told her it was over.
The baker was afraid of the analyst 's report and dreaded talking to him.
The guard went to the nurse and submitted to her examination.
The nurse carefully examined the guard and issued him a prognosis.
The tailor talked to the manager and then asked him for a raise.
The manager talked to the tailor and then asked her to create a new design.
The nurse offered to help the analyst and then provided him a pillow.
The analyst offered to help the nurse and then did her taxes.
The designer recognized the mechanic and then greeted him.
The mechanic recognized the designer and then greeted her.
The hairdresser called the carpenter and then asked him for help.
The carpenter called the hairdresser and then asked her for help.
The supervisor helped the writer and then asked her to return the favor.
The writer helped the supervisor and then asked him to return the favor.
The designer contacted the sheriff and then explained him the situation.
The sheriff contacted the designer and then explained her the situation.
The nurse approached the manager and then helped him with a problem.
The manager approached the nurse and then helped her with a problem.
The assistant called the sheriff and explained him the situation.
The sheriff called the assistant and then gave her orders.
The baker saluted the cook and then offered him some help.
The cook saluted the baker and then offered her some help.
The accountant talked to the mover and then offered him some help.
The mover talked to the accountant and then asked her for advice.
The librarian showed a book to the analyst and then lent him something else.
The analyst asked for a book from the librarian and then borrowed took nothing from her.
The attendant served water to the sheriff and then handed him a menu.
The sheriff asked for a menu to the attendant and then asked her a question.
The teacher greeted the laborer and started a conversation with him.
The laborer greeted the teacher and started a conversation with her.
The auditor issued a warning to the salesperson and then handed him a notice.
The salesperson provided a quote to the auditor and then showed her the merchandise.
The editor talked to the CEO and showed him a draft.
The CEO talked to the editor and gave her a raise.
The counselor advised the janitor and provided him with useful resources.
The janitor spoke to the counselor and explained to her the situation.
The baker approached the laborer and asked him about the weather.
The laborer approached the baker and asked her about the weather.
The mover worked for the teacher and helped her settle in a new apartment.
The teacher drove the mover back home and paid him for the work.
The auditor admonished the supervisor and issued him a warning.
The supervisor thanked the auditor and wished her well.
The editor met the developer and asked him for clarifications.
The developer met the editor and asked her for clarifications.
The librarian noticed the guard and greeted him.
The guard noticed the librarian and greeted her.
The cleaner thanked the construction worker and gave him a ride home.
The construction worker thanked the cleaner and rewarded her for superior cleaning services.
The secretary contacted the driver and asked him for a ride home.
The driver called the secretary and asked her if she needed a ride.
The supervisor insulted the assistant and then fired her.
The assistant was fired by the supervisor and called him a jerk.
The driver approached the auditor and solicited her help.
The auditor approached the driver and solicited his help.
The teacher explained the situation to the chief and felt understood by him.
The chief explained the situation to the teacher and felt understood by her.
The writer went to see the physician and asked him about health issues.
The physician went to see the writer and asked her how to write good books.
The clerk replied to the sheriff and advised him to file the documentation soon.
The sheriff saluted the clerk and wished her a good day.
The tailor saw the mechanic and explained him the price.
The mechanic saw the tailor and explained her the price.
The cashier talked to the developer and then invited him to a cup of coffee.
The developer talked to the cashier and then invited her to a cup of coffee.
The editor contacted the physician and asked him for health advice.
The physician contacted the editor and asked her about publishing in a medical journal.
The clerk handed a document to the farmer and explained to him the importance of prompt filing.
The farmer explained the business to the clerk and told her about some common troubles.
The attendant talked to the mechanic and asked him to fix the car.
The mechanic talked to the attendant and asked her for a refund.
The auditor contacted the mover and asked him about relocation.
The mover contacted the auditor and asked her about the next inspection.
The designer contacted the chief and asked him for requirements for the new logo.
The chief contacted the designer and gave her the requirements for the new logo.
The secretary called the physician and told him about a new patient.
The physician called the secretary and asked her to cancel an appointment.
The cashier saw the farmer and asked him to provide a signature.
The farmer went to the cashier and asked her about a deposit.
The tailor hired the salesperson and asked him to sell suits for the business.
The salesperson paid the tailor and thanked her for a job well done.
The librarian talked to the chief and recommended him a book.
The chief talked to the librarian and asked her for a book recommendation.
The accountant met the janitor and wished him well.
The janitor met the accountant and wished her well.
